i rented i am curious-yellow from my video store because of all the controversy that surrounded it when it was first released in 1967. i also heard that at first it was seized by u.s. customs if it ever tried to enter this country, therefore being a fan of films considered "controversial" i really had to see this for myself. the plot is centered around a young swedish drama student named lena who wants to learn everything she can about life. in particular she wants to focus her attentions to making some sort of documentary on what the average swede thought about certain political issues such as the vietnam war and race issues in the united states. in between asking politicians and ordinary denizens of stockholm about their opinions on politics, she has sex with her drama teacher, classmates, and married men. what kills me about i am curious-yellow is that 40 years ago, this was considered pornographic. really, the sex and nudity scenes are few and far between, even then it's not shot like some cheaply made porno. while my countrymen mind find it shocking, in reality sex and nudity are a major staple in swedish cinema. even ingmar bergman, arguably their answer to good old boy john ford, had sex scenes in his films. i do commend the filmmakers for the fact that any sex shown in the film is shown for artistic purposes rather than just to shock people and make money to be shown in pornographic theaters in america. i am curious-yellow is a good film for anyone wanting to study the meat and potatoes (no pun intended) of swedish cinema. but really, this film doesn't have much of a plot.
"i am curious: yellow" is a risible and pretentious steaming pile. it doesn't matter what one's political views are because this film can hardly be taken seriously on any level. as for the claim that frontal male nudity is an automatic nc-17, that isn't true. i've seen r-rated films with male nudity. granted, they only offer some fleeting views, but where are the r-rated films with gaping vulvas and flapping labia? nowhere, because they don't exist. the same goes for those crappy cable shows: schlongs swinging in the breeze but not a clitoris in sight. and those pretentious indie movies like the brown bunny, in which we're treated to the site of vincent gallo's throbbing johnson, but not a trace of pink visible on chloe sevigny. before crying (or implying) "double-standard" in matters of nudity, the mentally obtuse should take into account one unavoidably obvious anatomical difference between men and women: there are no genitals on display when actresses appears nude, and the same cannot be said for a man. in fact, you generally won't see female genitals in an american film in anything short of porn or explicit erotica. this alleged double-standard is less a double standard than an admittedly depressing ability to come to terms culturally with the insides of women's bodies.
if only to avoid making this type of film in the future. this film is interesting as an experiment but tells no cogent story. one might feel virtuous for sitting thru it because it touches on so many important issues but it does so without any discernable motive. the viewer comes away with no new perspectives (unless one comes up with one while one's mind wanders, as it will invariably do during this pointless film). one might better spend one's time staring out a window at a tree growing.
this film was probably inspired by godard's masculin, féminin and i urge you to see that film instead. the film has two strong elements and those are, (1) the realistic acting (2) the impressive, undeservedly good, photo. apart from that, what strikes me most is the endless stream of silliness. lena nyman has to be most annoying actress in the world. she acts so stupid and with all the nudity in this film,...it's unattractive. comparing to godard's film, intellectuality has been replaced with stupidity. without going too far on this subject, i would say that follows from the difference in ideals between the french and the swedish society. a movie of its time, and place. 2/10.
oh, brother...after hearing about this ridiculous film for umpteen years all i can think of is that old peggy lee song.. "is that all there is??" ...i was just an early teen when this smoked fish hit the u.s. i was too young to get in the theater (although i did manage to sneak into "goodbye columbus"). then a screening at a local film museum beckoned - finally i could see this film, except now i was as old as my parents were when they schlepped to see it!! the only reason this film was not condemned to the anonymous sands of time was because of the obscenity case sparked by its u.s. release. millions of people flocked to this stinker, thinking they were going to see a sex film...instead, they got lots of closeups of gnarly, repulsive swedes, on-street interviews in bland shopping malls, asinie political pretension...and feeble who-cares simulated sex scenes with saggy, pale actors. cultural icon, holy grail, historic artifact..whatever this thing was, shred it, burn it, then stuff the ashes in a lead box! elite esthetes still scrape to find value in its boring pseudo revolutionary political spewings..but if it weren't for the censorship scandal, it would have been ignored, then forgotten. instead, the "i am blank, blank" rhythymed title was repeated endlessly for years as a titilation for porno films (i am curious, lavender - for gay films, i am curious, black - for blaxploitation films, etc..) and every ten years or so the thing rises from the dead, to be viewed by a new generation of suckers who want to see that "naughty sex film" that "revolutionized the film industry"... yeesh, avoid like the plague..or if you must see it - rent the video and fast forward to the "dirty" parts, just to get it over with.
i would put this at the top of my list of films in the category of unwatchable trash! there are films that are bad, but the worst kind are the ones that are unwatchable but you are suppose to like them because they are supposed to be good for you! the sex sequences, so shocking in its day, couldn't even arouse a rabbit. the so called controversial politics is strictly high school sophomore amateur night marxism. the film is self-consciously arty in the worst sense of the term. the photography is in a harsh grainy black and white. some scenes are out of focus or taken from the wrong angle. even the sound is bad! and some people call this art?
whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie obviously never consulted any books about lucille ball, especially her autobiography. i've never seen so many mistakes in a biopic, ranging from her early years in celoron and jamestown to her later years with desi. i could write a whole list of factual errors, but it would go on for pages. in all, i believe that lucille ball is one of those inimitable people who simply cannot be portrayed by anyone other than themselves. if i were lucie arnaz and desi, jr., i would be irate at how many mistakes were made in this film. the filmmakers tried hard, but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me.
when i first saw a glimpse of this movie, i quickly noticed the actress who was playing the role of lucille ball. rachel york's portrayal of lucy is absolutely awful. lucille ball was an astounding comedian with incredible talent. to think about a legend like lucille ball being portrayed the way she was in the movie is horrendous. i cannot believe out of all the actresses in the world who could play a much better lucy, the producers decided to get rachel york. she might be a good actress in other roles but to play the role of lucille ball is tough. it is pretty hard to find someone who could resemble lucille ball, but they could at least find someone a bit similar in looks and talent. if you noticed york's portrayal of lucy in episodes of i love lucy like the chocolate factory or vitavetavegamin, nothing is similar in any way-her expression, voice, or movement. to top it all off, danny pino playing desi arnaz is horrible. pino does not qualify to play as ricky. he's small and skinny, his accent is unreal, and once again, his acting is unbelievable. although fred and ethel were not similar either, they were not as bad as the characters of lucy and ricky. overall, extremely horrible casting and the story is badly told. if people want to understand the real life situation of lucille ball, i suggest watching a&e biography of lucy and desi, read the book from lucille ball herself, or pbs' american masters: finding lucy. if you want to see a docudrama, "before the laughter" would be a better choice. the casting of lucille ball and desi arnaz in "before the laughter" is much better compared to this. at least, a similar aspect is shown rather than nothing.
who are these "they"- the actors? the filmmakers? certainly couldn't be the audience- this is among the most air-puffed productions in existence. it's the kind of movie that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot too much fun, nobody is getting any actual work done, and that almost always makes for a movie that's no fun to watch. ritter dons glasses so as to hammer home his character's status as a sort of doppleganger of the bespectacled bogdanovich; the scenes with the breezy ms. stratten are sweet, but have an embarrassing, look-guys-i'm-dating-the-prom-queen feel to them. ben gazzara sports his usual cat's-got-canary grin in a futile attempt to elevate the meager plot, which requires him to pursue audrey hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic. in the meantime, the budding couple's respective children (nepotism alert: bogdanovich's daughters) spew cute and pick up some fairly disturbing pointers on 'love' while observing their parents. (ms. hepburn, drawing on her dignity, manages to rise above the proceedings- but she has the monumental challenge of playing herself, ostensibly.) everybody looks great, but so what? it's a movie and we can expect that much, if that's what you're looking for you'd be better off picking up a copy of vogue. oh- and it has to be mentioned that colleen camp thoroughly annoys, even apart from her singing, which, while competent, is wholly unconvincing... the country and western numbers are woefully mismatched with the standards on the soundtrack. surely this is not what gershwin (who wrote the song from which the movie's title is derived) had in mind; his stage musicals of the 20's may have been slight, but at least they were long on charm. "they all laughed" tries to coast on its good intentions, but nobody- least of all peter bogdanovich - has the good sense to put on the brakes. due in no small part to the tragic death of dorothy stratten, this movie has a special place in the heart of mr. bogdanovich- he even bought it back from its producers, then distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when it didn't prove popular. his rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of hollywood stories, so there's no joy in criticizing the film... there _is_ real emotional investment in ms. stratten's scenes. but "laughed" is a faint echo of "the last picture show", "paper moon" or "what's up, doc"- following "daisy miller" and "at long last love", it was a thundering confirmation of the phase from which p.b. has never emerged. all in all, though, the movie is harmless, only a waste of rental. i want to watch people having a good time, i'll go to the park on a sunny day. for filmic expressions of joy and love, i'll stick to ernest lubitsch and jaques demy...
this is said to be a personal film for peter bogdonavitch. he based it on his life but changed things around to fit the characters, who are detectives. these detectives date beautiful models and have no problem getting them. sounds more like a millionaire playboy filmmaker than a detective, doesn't it? this entire movie was written by peter, and it shows how out of touch with real people he was. you're supposed to write what you know, and he did that, indeed. and leaves the audience bored and confused, and jealous, for that matter. this is a curio for people who want to see dorothy stratten, who was murdered right after filming. but patti hanson, who would, in real life, marry keith richards, was also a model, like stratten, but is a lot better and has a more ample part. in fact, stratten's part seemed forced; added. she doesn't have a lot to do with the story, which is pretty convoluted to begin with. all in all, every character in this film is somebody that very few people can relate with, unless you're millionaire from manhattan with beautiful supermodels at your beckon call. for the rest of us, it's an irritating snore fest. that's what happens when you're out of touch. you entertain your few friends with inside jokes, and bore all the rest.
it was great to see some of my favorite stars of 30 years ago including john ritter, ben gazarra and audrey hepburn. they looked quite wonderful. but that was it. they were not given any characters or good lines to work with. i neither understood or cared what the characters were doing. some of the smaller female roles were fine, patty henson and colleen camp were quite competent and confident in their small sidekick parts. they showed some talent and it is sad they didn't go on to star in more and better films. sadly, i didn't think dorothy stratten got a chance to act in this her only important film role. the film appears to have some fans, and i was very open-minded when i started watching it. i am a big peter bogdanovich fan and i enjoyed his last movie, "cat's meow" and all his early ones from "targets" to "nickleodeon". so, it really surprised me that i was barely able to keep awake watching this one. it is ironic that this movie is about a detective agency where the detectives and clients get romantically involved with each other. five years later, bogdanovich's ex-girlfriend, cybil shepherd had a hit television series called "moonlighting" stealing the story idea from bogdanovich. of course, there was a great difference in that the series relied on tons of witty dialogue, while this tries to make do with slapstick and a few screwball lines. bottom line: it ain't no "paper moon" and only a very pale version of "what's up, doc".
i can't believe that those praising this movie herein aren't thinking of some other film. i was prepared for the possibility that this would be awful, but the script (or lack thereof) makes for a film that's also pointless. on the plus side, the general level of craft on the part of the actors and technical crew is quite competent, but when you've got a sow's ear to work with you can't make a silk purse. ben g fans should stick with just about any other movie he's been in. dorothy s fans should stick to galaxina. peter b fans should stick to last picture show and target. fans of cheap laughs at the expense of those who seem to be asking for it should stick to peter b's amazingly awful book, killing of the unicorn.
never cast models and playboy bunnies in your films! bob fosse's "star 80" about dorothy stratten, of whom bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her sister after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times more interesting than dorothy herself on the silver screen. patty hansen is no actress either..i expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la orson welles but instead got audrey hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god-awful "poodlesque" hair-do....very disappointing...."paper moon" and "the last picture show" i could watch again and again. this clunker i could barely sit through once. this movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding ms. stratten's tawdry death; i think the real reason was because it was so bad!
its not the cast. a finer group of actors, you could not find. its not the setting. the director is in love with new york city, and by the end of the film, so are we all! woody allen could not improve upon what bogdonovich has done here. if you are going to fall in love, or find love, manhattan is the place to go. no, the problem with the movie is the script. there is none. the actors fall in love at first sight, words are unnecessary. in the director's own experience in hollywood that is what happens when they go to work on the set. it is reality to him, and his peers, but it is a fantasy to most of us in the real world. so, in the end, the movie is hollow, and shallow, and message-less.
today i found "they all laughed" on vhs on sale in a rental. it was a really old and very used vhs, i had no information about this movie, but i liked the references listed on its cover: the names of peter bogdanovich, audrey hepburn, john ritter and specially dorothy stratten attracted me, the price was very low and i decided to risk and buy it. i searched imdb, and the user rating of 6.0 was an excellent reference. i looked in "mick martin & marsha porter video & dvd guide 2003" and  wow  four stars! so, i decided that i could not waste more time and immediately see it. indeed, i have just finished watching "they all laughed" and i found it a very boring overrated movie. the characters are badly developed, and i spent lots of minutes to understand their roles in the story. the plot is supposed to be funny (private eyes who fall in love for the women they are chasing), but i have not laughed along the whole story. the coincidences, in a huge city like new york, are ridiculous. ben gazarra as an attractive and very seductive man, with the women falling for him as if her were a brad pitt, antonio banderas or george clooney, is quite ridiculous. in the end, the greater attractions certainly are the presence of the playboy centerfold and playmate of the year dorothy stratten, murdered by her husband pretty after the release of this movie, and whose life was showed in "star 80" and "death of a centerfold: the dorothy stratten story"; the amazing beauty of the sexy patti hansen, the future mrs. keith richards; the always wonderful, even being fifty-two years old, audrey hepburn; and the song "amigo", from roberto carlos. although i do not like him, roberto carlos has been the most popular brazilian singer since the end of the 60's and is called by his fans as "the king". i will keep this movie in my collection only because of these attractions (manly dorothy stratten). my vote is four. title (brazil): "muito riso e muita alegria" ("many laughs and lots of happiness")
this film is just plain horrible. john ritter doing pratt falls, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards, poor editing, horrible sound mixing (dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes nowhere. i didn't think i'd ever say this, but dorothy stratten is not the worst actress in this film. there are at least 3 others that suck more. patti hansen delivers her lines with the passion of ben stein. i started to wonder if she wasn't dead inside. even bogdanovich's kids are awful (the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card). this movie is seriously horrible. there's a reason bogdanovich couldn't get another project until 4 years later. please don't watch it. if you see it in your television listings, cancel your cable. if a friend suggests it to you, reconsider your friendship. if your spouse wants to watch it, you're better off finding another soulmate. i'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again. if i could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: suckotrocity
my interest in dorothy stratten caused me to purchase this video. although it had great actors/actresses, there were just too many subplots going on to retain interest. plus it just wasn't that interesting. dialogue was stiff and confusing and the story just flipped around too much to be believable. i was pretty disappointed in what i believe was one of audrey hepburn's last movies. i'll always love john ritter best in slapstick. he was just too pathetic here.
i have this film out of the library right now and i haven't finished watching it. it is so bad i am in disbelief. audrey hepburn had totally lost her talent by then, although she'd pretty much finished with it in 'robin and marian.' this is the worst thing about this appallingly stupid film. it's really only of interest because it was her last feature film and because of the dorothy stratten appearance just prior to her homicide. there is nothing but idiocy between gazzara and his cronies. little signals and little bows and nods to real screwball comedy of which this is the faintest, palest shadow. who could believe that there are even some of the same manhattan environs that hepburn inhabited so magically and even mythically in 'breakfast at tiffany's' twenty years earlier? the soundtrack of old sinatra songs and the gershwin song from which the title is taken is too loud and obvious--you sure don't have to wait for the credits to find out that something was subtly woven into the cine-musique of the picture to know when the songs blasted out at you. 'reverting to type' means going back up as well as going back down, i guess. in this case, audrey hepburn's chic european lady is all you see of someone who was formerly occasionally an actress and always a star. here she has even lost her talent as a star. if someone whose talent was continuing to grow in the period, like ann-margret, had played the role, there would have been some life in it, even given the unbelievably bad material and mongoloid-level situations. hepburn was a great person, of course, greater than most movie stars ever dreamed of being, and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful of film actors. after this dreadful performance, she went on to make an atrocious tv movie with robert wagner called 'love among thieves.' in 'they all laughed' it is as though she were still playing an ingenue in her 50's. even much vainer and obviously less intelligent actresses who insisted upon doing this like lana turner were infinitely more effective than is hepburn. turner took acting seriously even when she was bad. hepburn doesn't take it seriously at all, couldn't be bothered with it; even her hair and clothes look tacky. her last really good work was in 'two for the road,' perhaps her most perfect, if possibly not her best in many ways. and that girl who plays the country singer is just sickening. john ritter is horrible, there is simply nothing to recommend this film except to see dorothy stratten, who was truly pretty. otherwise, critic david thomson's oft-used phrase 'losing his/her talent' never has made more sense. ben gazarra had lost all sex appeal by then, and so we have 2 films with gazarra and hepburn--who could ask for anything less? sandra dee's last, pitiful film 'lost,' from 2 years later, a low-budget nothing, had more to it than this. at least ms. dee spoke in her own voice; by 1981, audrey hepburn's accent just sounded silly; she'd go on to do the pbs 'gardens of the world with audrey hepburn' and there her somewhat irritating accent works as she walks through english gardens with aristocrats or waxes effusively about 'what i like most is when flowers go back to nature!' as in naturalized daffodils, but in an actual fictional movie, she just sounds ridiculous. to think that 'breakfast at tiffany's' was such a profound sort of light poetic thing with audrey hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world--she was surely one of the most beautiful screen presences in 'my fair lady', matching garbo in several things and delphine seyrig in 'last year at marienbad.' and then this! and her final brief role as the angel 'hap' in the spielberg film 'always' was just more of the lady stuff--corny, witless and stifling. i went to her memorial service at the fifth avenue presbyterian church, a beautiful service which included a boys' choir singing the shaker hymn 'simple gifts.' the only thing not listed in the program was the sudden playing of hepburn's singing 'moon river' on the fire escape in 'breakfast at tiffany's,' and this brought much emotion and some real tears out in the congregation. a great lady who was once a fine actress (as in 'the nun's story') and one of the greatest and most beautiful of film stars in many movies of the 50's and 60's who became a truly bad one--that's not all that common. and perhaps it is only a great human being who, in making such things as film performances trivial, nevertheless has the largeness of mind to want to have the flaws pointed out mercilessly--which all of her late film work contained in abundance. most of the talk about hepburn's miscasting is about 'my fair lady.' but the one that should have had the original actress in it was 'wait until dark,' which had starred lee remick on broadway. never as celebrated as hepburn, she was a better actress in many ways (hepburn was completely incapable of playing anything really sordid), although hepburn was at least adequate enough in that part. after that, all of her acting went downhill.
i think i will make a movie next weekend. oh wait, i'm working..oh i'm sure i can fit it in. it looks like whoever made this film fit it in. i hope the makers of this crap have day jobs because this film sucked!!! it looks like someones home movie and i don't think more than $100 was spent making it!!! total crap!!! who let's this stuff be released?!?!?!
pros: nothing cons: everything plot summary: a female reporter runs into a hitchhiker that tells her stories about the deaths of people that were killed by zombies. review: never in my life have i come across a movie as bad the zombie chronicles. filmed on a budget of what looks to be about 20 bucks, tzc is a completely horrible horror movie that relies on lame, forgetable actors whom couldn't act to save their lives and gore that's more gross than frightening. how does a movie like this even get made? simply put, avoid tzc like a sexually-transmitted disease. my last 2 cents: humorously enough, this movie was made by a movie company called brain damage films. they're brains must have really been damaged to come up with a craptacular movie like this. my rating: 1 out of 10(if it were up to me, this movie would get the rating of negative bajillion)
if the crew behind "zombie chronicles" ever read this, here's some advice guys: 1. in a "twist ending"-type movie, it's not a good idea to insert close-ups of every death in the movie in the opening credits. that tends to spoil the twists, y'know...? 2. i know you produced this on a shoestring and - to be fair - you worked miracles with your budget but please, hire people who can actually act. or at least, walk, talk and gesture at the same time. joe haggerty, i'm looking at you... 3. if you're going to set a part of your movie in the past, only do this if you have the props and costumes of the time. 4. twist endings are supposed to be a surprise. sure, we don't want twists that make no sense, but signposting the "reveal" as soon as you introduce a character? that's not a great idea. kudos to the guys for trying, but in all honesty, i'd rather they hadn't... only for zombie completists.
1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(dir-brad sykes): mindless 3-d movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. and yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3d!! wow, not!! that has been done time and time again in 2d in a zombie movie but what usually makes a zombie movie better is the underlying story not the actual flesh-eating. that's what made the original zombie classics good. the flesh-eating was just thrown in as an extra. we're actually bored throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the lame(twilight-zone like) easily understood and slow-pacingly revealed finale's. the last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and of course we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. well, i think i've said enough. watch the classics, not this 3d bore-feast.
there's tons of good-looking women in this flick. but alas, this movie is nudity-free. grrrrrrrrrr strike one. ahem. one story in this film takes place in 1971. then why the hell are the main characters driving a kia sportage? hello? continuity, anyone? as you might know, this movie was released in stereoscopic 3d. and it is the most hideous effect i have ever seen. i'm not sure if someone botched the job on this, but there was no 3d, just double-vision blurs. i didn't have the same problem with this company's other 3d movies, hunting season and camp blood. sure, the 3d in those ones sucked too, but with them i could see a semblance of 3d effect. this thing is a big ball of nothing. and whoever that women was who played the daughter of the ear-eating dame, yum! i'd like to see more of her. in movies, as well. looks like janet margolin at a young age. purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
en route to a small town that lays way off the beaten track (but which looks suspiciously close to a freeway), a female reporter runs into a strange hitch-hiker who agrees to help direct her to her destination. the strange man then recounts a pair of gruesome tales connected to the area: in the first story, an adulterous couple plot to kill the woman's husband, but eventually suffer a far worse fate themselves when they are attacked by a zombie; and in the second story, a group of campers have their vacation cut short when an undead outlaw takes umbrage at having his grave peed on. the zombie chronicles is an attempt by writer garrett clancy and director brad sykes at making a zombie themed anthologya nice idea, but with only two stories, it falls woefully short. and that's not the only way in which this low budget gore flick fails to deliver: the acting is lousy (with joe haggerty, as the tale-telling ebenezer jackson, giving one of the strangest performances i have ever seen); the locations are uninspired; the script is dreary; there's a sex scene with zero nudity; and the ending.... well, that beggars belief. to be fair, some of sykes' creative camera-work is effective (although the gimmicky technique employed as characters run through the woods is a tad overused) and joe castro's cheapo gore is enthusiastic: an ear is bitten off, eyeballs are plucked out, a face is removed, brains are squished, and there is a messy decapitation. these positives just about make the film bearable, but be warned, the zombie chronicles ain't a stroll in the park, even for seasoned viewers of z-grade trash. i give the zombie chronicles 2/10, but generously raise my rating to 3 since i didn't get to view the film with the benefit of 3d (although i have a sneaking suspicion that an extra dimension wouldn't have made that much of a difference).
without wishing to be a killjoy, brad sykes is responsible for at least two of the most dull and clichéd films i've ever seen - this being one of them, and camp blood being another. the acting is terrible, the print is shoddy, and everything about this film screams "seriously, you could do better yourself". maybe this is a challenge to everyone to saturate youtube with our own zombie related crap? i bought this for £1, but remember, you can't put a price on 71 minutes of your life. you'd do well to avoid this turkey, even at a bargain basement price.
my girlfriend once brought around the zombie chronicles for us to watch as a joke. little did we realize the joke was on her for paying £1 for it. while watching this film i started to come up with things i would rather be doing than watching the zombie chronicles. these included: 1) drinking bleach 2) rubbing sand in my eyes 3) writing a letter to brad sykes and garrett clancy 4) re-enacting the american civil war 5) tax returns 6) gcse maths 7) sex with an old lady. garrett clancy, aka sgt. ben draper wrote this? the guy couldn't even dig a hole properly. the best ting he did was kick a door down (the best part of the film). this was the worst film i have ever seen, and i've seen white noise: the light. never has a film had so many mistakes in it. my girlfriend left it here, so now i live with the shame of owning this piece of crap. news just in: owen wilson watched this film and tried to kill himself. fact. do not watch
amateur, no budget films can be surprisingly good ... this however is not one of them. ah, another brad sykes atrocity. the acting is hideous, except for emmy smith who shows some promise. the camera "direction" needs serious reworking. and no more "hold the camera and run" gimmicks either; it just doesn't work. the special effects are unimaginative, there's a problem when the effect can be identified in real time. if you're going to rip off an ear, please don't let us see the actor's real ear beneath the blood. the scenery is bland and boring (same as mr. sykes other ventures), and the music is a cross between cheap motel porn and really bad guitar driven metal (see the scenery comment). did i mention the lack of any real plot, or character development? apparently, the scriptwriter didn't. whoever is funding this guy ... please stop. i've seen some of his other "home movies" (which i will not plug) and they are just as bad. normally, a "director" will grow and learn from his previous efforts ... not this guy. it's one thing to be an amateur filmmaker, but anyone can be a hack. definitely not even a popcorn film ... of course, chewing on popcorn kernels would be less painful than this effort. award: the worst ever military push-ups in a film.
ok its not the best film i've ever seen but at the same time i've been able to sit and watch it twice!!! story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved it cheap laughs all the way. and jebidia deserves an oscar for his role in this movie the only thing that let him down was half way through he stopped his silly name calling. overall the film was pretty perfetic but if your after cheap laughs and you see it in pound land go by it.
some films that you pick up for a pound turn out to be rather good - 23rd century films released dozens of obscure italian and american movie that were great, but although hardgore released some fulci films amongst others, the bulk of their output is crap like the zombie chronicles. the only positive thing i can say about this film is that it's nowhere near as annoying as the stink of flesh. other than that, its a very clumsy anthology film with the technical competence of a lego house built by a whelk. it's been noted elsewhere, but you really do have to worry about a film that inserts previews of the action into its credit sequence, so by the time it gets to the zombie attacks, you've seen it all already. bad movie fans will have a ball watching the 18,000 continuity mistakes and the diabolical acting of the cast (especially the hitchhiker, who was so bad he did make me laugh a bit), and kudos to hardgore for getting in to the spirit of things by releasing a print so bad it felt like i was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip. awful, awful stuff. we've all made stuff like this when we've gotten a hold of a camera, but common sense prevails and these films languish in our cupboards somewhere. avoid.
i received this movie as a gift, i knew from the dvd cover, this movie are going to be bad.after not watching it for more than a year i finally watched it. what a pathetic movie . i almost didn't finish watching this bad movie,but it will be unfair of me to write a review without watching the complete movie. trust me when i say " this movie sucks" i am truly shocked that some bad filmmaker wane bee got even financed to make this pathetic movie, but it couldn't have cost more than $20 000 to produce this movie. all you need are a cheap camcorder or a cell phone camera .about 15 people with no acting skills, a scrip that were written by a couple of drunk people. in the fist part of this ultra bad move a reporter (tara woodley )run a suppose to be drunk man over on her way to report on a hunted town. he are completely unharmed. they went to a supposed to be abandon house ,but luckily for the it almost complete furnished and a bottle of liquor on the door step happens to be there. just for the supposed to be drunk man but all is not what it seems. then the supposed drunk man start telling tara ghost/zombies stories. the fist of his stupid lame stories must be the worst in history. his story sgt. ben draper let one of his soldiers die of complete exhaustion (i think this is what happens)after letting the poor soldier private wilson do sit ups he let him dig a grave and then the soldier collapse ,ben draper buries him in a shallow grave. but sgt. ben draper are in for n big surprise. his wife/girl fiend knows about this and she and her lover kills sgt. ben draper to take revenge on private wilson.(next to the grave of the soldier he sort off murdered) the soldier wakes up from his grave in the form of zombie and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf. the twist ending were so lame. even if you like b horror movies, don't watch this movie
i have not seen many low budget films i must admit, but this is the worst movie ever probably, the main character the old man talked like, he had a lobotomy and lost the power to speak more than one word every 5 seconds, a 5 year old could act better. the story had the most awful plot, and well the army guy had put what he thought was army like and then just went over the top, i only watched it to laugh at how bad it was, and hoped it was leading onto the real movie. i cant believe it was under the 2 night rental thing at blockbusters, instead of a please take this for free and get it out of our sight. i think there was one semi decent actor other than the woman, i think the only thing ok with the budget was the make up, but they show every important scene of the film in the beginning music bit. awful simply awful.
..oh wait, i can! this movie is not for the typical film snob, unless you want to brush up on your typical cinematic definitions, like "continuity editing" and "geographic match". i couldn't tell where i was in this movie. one second they're in the present, next minute their supposedly in the 70's driving a modern suv and wearing what looked like to me as 80's style clothing. i think. i couldn't pay long enough attention to it since the acting was just horrible. i think it only got attention because it has a 3d which i did not watch. if you're a b-movie buff, and by b-movie i mean bad movie, then this film is for you. it's home-movie and all non-sense style will keep you laughing for as long as you can stay awake. if your tastes are more for goddard and antonioni, though, just skip this one.
you have to admire brad sykes even if you don't particularly want to, a man who churns out budget horror after budget horror to less than enthusiastic receptions. but keeps on doing it all the same. even the half-hearted praise than surrounds his camp blood films is given grudgingly and i'm as guilty of this as anyone. brad normally manages to throw something interesting into the mix, a neat idea, a kooky character, whatever, but without the funds to take it further than base level, he relies on the audience to cut him some slack and appreciate it for what it is and what it could be. joe haggerty gives a spirited and very funny performance as ebenezer jackson and its a credit to sykes that he can sense that this oddball turn is going to work within the framework of the film. coming to a multiplex near you, in a parallel universe, somewhere.
the zombie chronicles aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (nu-view 3-d) sound format: mono whilst searching for a (literal) ghost town in the middle of nowhere, a young reporter (emmy smith) picks up a grizzled hitchhiker (joseph haggerty) who tells her two stories involving flesh-eating zombies reputed to haunt the area. an absolute waste of time, hobbled from the outset by haggerty's painfully amateurish performance in a key role. worse still, the two stories which make up the bulk of the running time are utterly routine, made worse by indifferent performances and lackluster direction by brad sykes, previously responsible for the likes of camp blood (1999). this isn't a 'fun' movie in the sense that ed wood's movies are 'fun' (he, at least, believed in what he was doing and was sincere in his efforts, despite a lack of talent); sykes' home-made movies are, in fact, aggravating, boring and almost completely devoid of any redeeming virtue, and most viewers will feel justifiably angry and cheated by such unimaginative, badly-conceived junk. the 3-d format is utterly wasted here.
a woman asks for advice on the road to reach a mysterious town, and hears two ghoulish stories from the local weirdo, both zombie related. but perhaps fate has something nasty in store for her too... the zombie chronicles is absolutely one of the worst films i have ever seen. in fact i must confess, so bad was it i fast forwarded through most of the garbage. and there was a lot of that, believe me. it runs for just 69 minutes, and there is still tons of filler. you get some skinhead doing a lot of push ups, plenty of dull kissy-kissy scenes between goofy teens (that rhymed, tee hee) and some fine examples of why some people should never become actors. as for the title characters, they barely even have a footnote in the film. why, you get more undead action in the intro than you do the preceding feature! though, considering how pathetic the eyes bursting out of sockets and the eating of brains sequences are (amongst other 'delights'), maybe that's a blessing in disguise. and to top it all off, it looks likes it's been filmed on someone's mobile phone for broadcast on youtube. jerky camera-work, scratches on the print, flickering lights... i had to rub my eyes when i realised it was made in 2001, and not 1971. even the clothes and fashioned look about three decades out of date! if you think i'm not qualified to do a review of chronicles having not seen the whole film, then go ahead. you try sitting through it, i betcha you won't even make it to the first appearance of the blue-smartie coloured freaks before making your excuses and leaving. it is truly laughable that anyone chose to release it, and honestly you'll get far more fun resting your drink on the disc than actually torturing your dvd player with this gigglesome excuse for horror. in fact, don't for surprised if it packs it's bags and leaves in the morning, leaving you doomed to watch vhs tapes for the rest of your life. you have been warned... 0/10 p.s what kind of 18-rated horror has the woman keep a massive sports bra on during the obligatory sex scene?! see, the movie can't even get that part right...
really, i can't believe that i spent $5 on this movie. i am a huge zombie fanatic and thought the movie couldn't be that bad. it had zombies in it right? was i wrong! to be honest the movie had it's moments...i thought it was cool when the guy got his head ripped off but that was about it. overall i think that it would be more enjoyable to slide down a razorblade slide on my bare nutsack into a vat of vinegar then watch this movie again. the movie could have been better if we could see some boob but i had to watch the trailers for the other movies produced by this company to see that. buyer beware...unless you are into masochism.
i rented this movie about 3 years ago, and it still stands out in my mind as the worst movie ever made. i don't think i ever finished it. it is worse than a home video made by a high school student. i remember them doing a flashback to 1970 something and in the flashback there was a man with a polo shirt, oakley sunglasses and a newer suv, like a toyota rav-4 or something (i don't remember). i don't understand how they could have possibly said that to be in the 70s. he might have had a cell phone too, i cant remember, it was just horrible. i returned it to the video store and asked them why they even carry the movie and if i could get the hour of my life back. to this day it is the worst movie i have ever seen, and i have seen some pretty bad ones.
:spoilers: i was very disappointed in love's abiding joy. i had been waiting a really long time to see it and i finally got the chance when it re-aired thursday night on hallmark. i love the first three "love" movies but this one was nothing like i thought it was going to be. the whole movie was sad and depressing, there were way to many goofs, and the editing was very poor - to many scenes out of context. i also think the death of baby kathy happened way to soon and clarks appearance in the movie just didn't seem to fit. it seemed like none of the actors really wanted to be there - they were all lacking emotion. there seemed to be no interaction between missie and willie at all. i think the script writers should have went more by the book. it seems like every movie that's been made so far just slips further and further away from janette oke's writings. i mean in the movie they never mentioned a thing about the mine and the two boys or clark getting hurt because of it. and i think missie and willies reactions to kathy's death could have been shown and heard rather than just heard. out of the four movies that have been made so far i'd have to say that love's abiding joy is my least favorite. i hope with the next four movies that more of the book is followed and if clarks character is in them i hope he's got a bigger part and i hope his part isn't so bland. i also hope there is more of scottie and cookie and maybe even marty but who knows what the script writers will have in store next.
i've seen all four of the movies in this series. each one strays further and further from the books. this is the worst one yet. my problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way! the directors and producers should have named it any thing other than "love's abiding joy." the only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (willie, missie, henry, clark, scottie and cookie). the names/ages/genders of the children are wrong. the entire story line is no where in the book. i find it a great disservice to janette oke, her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is not correct in any way. the music is too loud. the actors are not convincing - they lack emotions. if you want a good family movie, this might do. it is clean. don't watch it, though, if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book. i hope that this will be the last movie from this series, but i doubt it. if there are more movies made, i wish michael landon, jr and others would stick closer to the original plot and story lines. the books are excellent and, if closely followed, would make excellent movies!
i very much looked forward to this movie. its a good family movie; however, if michael landon jr.'s editing team did a better job of editing, the movie would be much better. too many scenes out of context. i do hope there is another movie from the series, they're all very good. but, if another one is made, i beg them to take better care at editing. this story was all over the place and didn't seem to have a center. which is unfortunate because the other movies of the series were great. i enjoy the story of willie and missy; they're both great role models. plus, the romantic side of the viewers always enjoy a good love story.
i have read all of the love come softly books. knowing full well that movies can not use all aspects of the book,but generally they at least have the main point of the book. i was highly disappointed in this movie. the only thing that they have in this movie that is in the book is that missy's father comes to visit,(although in the book both parents come). that is all. the story line was so twisted and far fetch and yes, sad, from the book, that i just couldn't enjoy it. even if i didn't read the book it was too sad. i do know that pioneer life was rough,but the whole movie was a downer. the rating is for having the same family orientation of the film that makes them great.
as a southern baptist, it pains me that i must give a below average rating to an overtly christian movie. there certainly aren't so many that i want to discourage film-makers from a genre that's woefully under-exploited. still, i must honestly say that "love's abiding joy" is a typically low budget, low key, self-consciously christian film. the plot is predictable, the acting mediocre (i'm being kind), and the editing atrocious. as a tv movie it might have been slightly above average, but as a feature film it leaves much to be desired. keep trying guys. you've got to have a movie about about real christians inside you somewhere. might i suggest you turn to g. k. chesterton or c. s. lewis for some inspiration?
warning: this review contains spoilers. do not read if you don't want some points revealed to you before you watch the film. with a cast like this, you wonder whether or not the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into. did they see the script and say, `hey, close encounters of the third kind was such a hit that this one can't fail.' unfortunately, it does. did they even think to check on the director's credentials? i mean, would you do a movie with the director of a movie called `satan's cheerleaders?' greydon clark, who would later go on to direct the infamous `final justice,' made this. it makes you wonder how the people of mystery science theater 3000 could hammer `final justice' and completely miss out on `the return.' the film is set in a small town in new mexico. a little boy and girl are in the street unsupervised one night when a powerful flashlight beam.er.a spaceship appears and hovers over them. in probably the worst special effect sequence of the film, the ship spews some kind of red ink on them. it looked like clark had held a beaker of water in from of the camera lens and dipped his leaky pen in it, so right away you are treated with cheese. anyhow, the ship leaves and the adults don't believe the children. elsewhere, we see vincent schiavelli, whom i find to be a terrific actor (watch his scenes in `ghost' for proof, as they are outstanding), who is playing a prospector, or as i called him, the miner 1949er. he steps out of the cave he is in, and he and his dog are inked by the ship. twenty-five years go by, and the girl has grown up to be cybill shepherd, who works with her father, raymond burr, in studying unusual weather phenomena. or something like that. shepherd spots some strange phenomena in satellite pictures over that little new mexico town, and she travels there to research it. once she gets there, the local ranchers harass her, and blame her for the recent slew of cattle mutilations that have been going on, and deputy jan-michael vincent comes to her rescue. from this point on, the film really drags as the two quickly fall for each other, especially after vincent wards off the locals and informs shepherd that he was the little boy that saw the ship with her twenty-five years earlier. while this boring mess is happening, vincent schiavelli, with his killer dog at his side, is walking around killing the cattle and any people he runs into with an unusual item. you know those glowing plastic sticks stores sell for trick-or-treaters at halloween, the kind that you shake to make them glow? schiavelli uses what looks like one of those glow sticks to burn incisions in people. it's the second-worst effect in the movie. every time schiavelli is on screen with the glow stick, the scene's atmosphere suddenly turns dark, like the filmmakers thought the glow stick needed that enhancement. it ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is. and what does all this lead up to? it's hard to tell when the final, confusing scene arrives. see, burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images that shepherd found as some kind of `calling card,' but none of it makes sense. why do shepherd and vincent age and schiavelli does not? schiavelli explains why he is killing cattle and people and why he wants shepherd dead, but even that doesn't make much sense when you really think about it. i mean, why doesn't he kill jan-michael vincent? after all, he had twenty-five years to do it. and the aliens won't need him if shepherd is dead anyhow, so why try to kill her? speaking of the aliens, it is never clear what they really wanted out of shepherd and vincent. what is their goal? why do they wait so long to intervene? how could they be so sure shepherd would come back? not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made `the return' any more pleasant. you would still have bad lines, really bad acting, particularly by shepherd, cheesy effects, and poor direction. luckily, the stars escaped from this movie. cybill shepherd soon went on to star in `moonlighting' with bruce willis. jan-michael vincent went on to be featured in dozens of b-movies, often in over-the-top parts. raymond burr made a pile of perry mason television movies right up until his death. vincent schiavelli went on to be a great character actor in a huge number of films. martin landau, who played a kooky law enforcement officer, quickly made the terrific `alone in the dark' and the awful `the being' before rolling into the films he has been famous for recently. you can bet none of these stars ever want their careers to return to `the return.' zantara's score: 2 out of 10.
as a kid i did think the weapon the murderer wielded was cool, however i was a kid and so i was a bit dumb. even as a dumb kid though the movies plot was stupid and a bit boring when the killer was not using his light knife to kill people. what amazes me is that the movie has a really solid cast in it. what script did they read when agreeing to be in this movie as it is most assuredly boring and only a means to show off a light saber on a very small scale. the plot at times is incomprehensible and the end is totally chaotic. the whole film seems to rotate around aliens and the one weapon. the plot has two kids and some dude having an alien encounter, flash years later and there seems to be a return as it were in the mix. dead animals and such to be explored and for some reason the one dude gets the weapon of the aliens and proceeds to use it to go on a very light killing spree. seriously, you just have to wonder why this movie was made, if you are going to have a killer have some good death scenes, if you are going to have alien encounters show more than a weird light vortex thing, and if you are going to have light sabers then call yourself star wars.
jill dunne (played by mitzi kapture), is an attractive, nice woman, over-whelmed by a smart-mouthed teenage daughter, liv (martha macisaac) and a petty, two-timing husband, sean (rick roberts), both of which were tediously self-centered, and obnoxious. this was advertised as a troubled family stalked by a crazed killer during a relentless storm. the storm doesn't even happen until about the last 5 minutes of the film, and then it isn't anything to send anybody running to the storm cellar. the stalking, likewise doesn't get intense until almost the end of the film. most of the film we spend listening to jill and her insufferable daughter, liv, argue until i just wanted to back slap the daughter into next week. jill's problem with liv is that she has taken up with zack, a boy of questionable character, and they are constantly making out--in fact jill comes home to find the two of them on liv's bed. the rest of the time we spend listening to jill's husband sean either whine at jill or criticize her. sean was not at all appealing--since his face is so covered in freckles you could play connect the dots. the story begins with jill being notified of an out-standing bill on their credit card for a hotel she has never been to, and that she thought sean had never been to either. jill goes to the hotel where she meets the owner & manager, richard grant (nick mancuso), a very nice, older, divorced man, who is sympathetic to her. in fact, when he spots her husband there again, he phones jill and tips her off. jill returns to the hotel, sees sean with another woman. she is upset, leaves without sean seeing her, and does absolutely nothing. in fact, she doesn't even say anything to sean when he arrives home. this made no sense to me. jill has given richard her business card, and so he calls her and she is apparently in real estate. she shows him a condo. afterwards they have a drink, and things get cozy between them. richard and jill are getting it on, hot and heavy. in fact, he seems a bit more aggressive than necessary, when jill suddenly decides to cut out. jill and sean have a confrontation about his cheating. sean whines about how jill has been letting him down since her father died. apparently his lack of any morals is all her fault. eventually jill confesses her own lack of morals and near adultery to sean--and of course that's all her fault too, as far as sean is concerned. the little family decides to go on a camping trip--which means more whining and grousing among them, especially from the spoiled daughter. i was so rooting for the stalker to get everybody, but jill. 3 stars
this movie sucked. it really was a waste of my life. the acting was atrocious, the plot completely implausible. long, long story short, these people get "terrorized" by this pathetic "crazed killer", but completely fail to fight back in any manner. and this is after they take a raft on a camping trip, with no gear, and show up at a campsite that is already assembled and completely stocked with food and clothes and the daughters headphones. additionally, after their boat goes missing, they panic that they're stuck in the woods, but then the daughters boyfriend just shows up and they apparently never consider that they could just hike out of the woods like he did to get to them. like i said, this movie sucks. a complete joke. don't let your girlfriend talk you into watching it.
lifetime did it again. can we say stupid? i couldn't wait for it to end. the plot was senseless. the acting was terrible! especially by the teenagers. the story has been played a thousand times! are we just desperate to give actors a job? the previews were attractive and i was really looking for a good thriller.once in awhile lifetime comes up with a good movie, this isn't one of them. unless one has nothing else to do i would avoid this one at all cost. this was a waste of two hours of my life. can i get them back? i would have rather scraped my face against a brick wall for two hours then soaked it in peroxide. that would have been more entertaining.
i have to say i am really surprised at the high ratings for this movie. i found it to be absolutely idiotic. the mother gets "visions" when she touches certain things or people? and one thing she touched twice made her vision continue... just seemed so ridiculous. deedee pfieffer's performance was awful i thought. she was very irritating. the girl who played lori did a good job and so did most of the supporting cast for what they had to work with. i usually love lmn and am very open minded when it comes to movies but this movie seemed to have a ridiculous plot and over the top acting and it just was not for me.
the original book of this was set in the 1950s but that won't do for the tv series because most people watch for the 1930s style. ironically the tube train near the end was a 1950s train painted to look like a 1930s train so the underground can play at that game too. hanging the storyline on a plot about the jarrow march was feeble but the 50s version had students who were beginning to think about the world around them so i suppose making them think about the poverty of the marchers is much the same thing. all the stuff about japp having to cater for himself was weak too but they had to put something in to fill the time. this would have made a decent half hour show or they could have filmed the book and made it a better long show. it is obvious this episode is a victim of style over content.
the annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story...it's something i would have done my 1st year in film school. very sad. additionally, the story just seemed to drag on for no apparent reason...there were too many things just thrown in there that had nothing to do with the story, which makes me feel that the creative team didn't really know what they were doing, or just that it should have been shorter...which would have been a blessing, not a crime. as i have just watched all of the episodes up to this point over the past week...i'd have to say that this was by far the worst, and i just wanted to warn others not to start with this one.
i saw this film opening weekend in australia, anticipating with an excellent cast of ledger, edgerton, bloom, watts and rush that the definitive story of ned kelly would unfold before me. unfortunately, despite an outstanding performance by heath ledger in the lead role, the plot was paper thin....which doesn't inspire me to read "our sunshine". there were some other plus points, the support acting from edgerton in particular, assured direction from jordan (confirming his talent on show in buffalo soldiers as well), and production design that gave a real feel of harshness to the australian bush, much as the irish immigrants of the early 19th century must have seen it. but i can't help feeling that another opportunity has been missed to tell the real story of an australian folk hero (or was he?)....in what i suspect is a concession to hollywood and selling the picture in the us. oh well, at least jordan and the producers didn't agree to lose the beards just to please universal... guess i will just have to content myself with peter carey's excellent "secret history of the kelly gang". 4/10
i saw this at the premiere in melbourne it is shallow, two-dimensional, unaffecting and, hard to believe given the subject matter, boring. the actors are passable, but they didn't have much to work with given the very plodding and unimpressive script. for those who might have worried that ned kelly would be over-intellectualised, you can take comfort in the fact that this telling of the story is utterly without any literary depth at all, told entirely on the surface and full of central casting standards. however, it doesn't work as a popcorn film either. its pacing is too off-kilter and its craft is too lacking to satisfy even on the level of a mundane actioner. i very much doubt gregor jordan could sit back and say to himself "this is the best i could have done with the material". ned kelly is a fascinating figure, and equally so is the national response to him. possibly folk genius, possibly class warrior, possibly psychopath and probably all these things, he has dominated australian true mythology for over 120 years. once again, his story has failed miserably on the big screen. such is life.
ned kelly (ledger), the infamous australian outlaw and legend. sort of like robin hood, with a mix of billy the kid, australians love the legend of how he stood up against the english aristocratic oppression, and united the lower classes to change australia forever. the fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70% immigrant criminals seems to be casually skimmed around by this film. indeed, quite a few so called `facts' in this film are, on reflection, a tad dubious. i suppose the suspicions should have been aroused when, in the opening credits, it was claimed that this film is based upon the book, `our sunshine'. if ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book, there it was. this wasn't going to be a historical epic, but just an adaptation of one of many dubious legends of ned kelly, albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version. unfortunately, ned kelly is nothing more than an overblown hallmark channel `real life historical drama' wannabe! the story plods along at an alarming rate (alarming because never has a film plodded so slowly!) the feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure drivel brought back memories of costner's awful wyatt earp all those years ago. simply put, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a long time getting to that nothing. this would possibly have been a tad more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction sure as heck wasn't). however, unless you are looking to play a game of spot the worst oirish accent, then you're gonna be disappointed. between that, the game of `who has the stupidest beard?', `spot the obvious backstabber!' (clue, they are all ginger for some reason), and `nature in australia.including lions', it is an experience similar to flicking through hallmark, the history channel, discovery channel, and neighbours whilst suffering a huge hangover. yup, nature pops up a lot, as to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look arty), the film keeps showing pointless wildlife shots, and once all the native species are shown, here's a circus to allow for a camel and a lion (which is used during one fight to try to make us actually feel more sorry for the lion than the massacred people). this is a turgid, emotionless piece of historical fluff which should have gone straight to tv. there isn't even one good word i can say about this film. even the usually fantastic rush seems embarrassed to be here. when one of the characters comments that there is only 2 bullets left for him and his pal, i myself was wishing i had a gun to blow any memory of this film out of my head!
they constructed this one as a kind of fantasy man from snowy river meets butch cassidy and the sundance kid, and just for a romantic touch ned and joe get to play away with high class talent, the bored young wives of wealthy older men. ok, there are lots of myths about ned kelly, but there are also a lot of well documented facts, still leaving space for artistic creativity in producing a good historical dramaticisation. i mean, this is not the robin hood story, not the arthurian legends, not beowulf, not someone whose life is so shrouded in the mists of many many centuries past that any recreation of their life and times is 99% guesswork. it's only a couple of lifetimes ago. my own grandparents were already of school age when ned was hanged. so it's silly me for fancifully imagining this movie was a serious attempt to tell the kelly story. having recently read peter carey's excellent novel "the true history of the kelly gang" i had eagerly anticipated that this would be in similar vein. but no, the fact is that mick jagger's much derided 1970 kelly was probably far closer to reality, and a better movie overall, which isn't saying a whole lot for it. glad it only cost me two bucks to hire the dvd! i'll give it 3/10, and that's only because some of the nice shots of the australian bush make me feel generous.
this has to be the worst piece of garbage i've seen in a while. heath ledger is a heartthrob? he looked deformed. i wish i'd known that he and naomi watts are an item in real life because i spent 2 of the longest hours of my life wondering what she saw in him. orlando bloom is a heartthrob? with the scraggly beard and deer-in-the-headlights look about him, i can't say i agree. rachel griffiths was her usual fabulous self, but geoffrey rush looked as if he couldn't wait to get off the set. i'm supposed to feel sorry for bankrobbers and murderers? this is a far cry from butch cassidy, which actually was an entertaining film. this was trite, cliche-ridden and boring. we only stayed because we were convinced it would get better. it didn't. the last 10-15 minutes or so were unintentionally hilarious. heath and his gang are holed up in a frontier hotel, and women and children are dying because of their presence. that's not funny. but it was funny when they walked out of the hotel with the armor on, because all we could think of was the black knight from monty python and the holy grail. i kept waiting for them to say "i'll bite yer leg off!" we were howling with laughter, as were several other warped members of the audience. when we left, pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was. i may not have paid cash to see this disaster (sneak preview), but it certainly wasn't free. it cost me 2 hours of my life that i will never get back.
if the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless, one might well refer to "ned kelly" as an "australian western." for the people down under, ned kelly was, apparently, a folk hero bandit akin to robin hood, jesse james, bonnie and clyde, and butch cassidy and the sundance kid. the descendant of irish immigrants, kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put into prison. to get back at the government for this mistreatment, kelly, his brother dan, and two other companions, became notorious bank robbers, winning over the hearts of many people in the countryside while striking a blow for justice in a land where irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disdain by those who ran the country. perhaps because we've encountered this "gentleman bandit" scenario so many times in the past, "ned kelly" feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as it pays homage to any number of the genre's stereotypes and clichés on its way to the inevitable showdown. ned is the typical heart-of-gold lawbreaker who kills only when he is forced to and, even then, only with the deepest regret. he also has the pulse of the common folk, as when, in the middle of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of the customers, after one of his gang has so inconsiderately pilfered it. what movie on this particular subject hasn't featured a scene like that? it's acts of selective generosity like this, of course, that earn him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with sticking it to the powers-that-be and the status quo. geoffrey rush plays the typical bedeviled law enforcer who feels a personal stake in bringing down this upstart troublemaker who keeps getting away with tweaking the establishment. there's even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies being held up goes into the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so turned on is she by the romantic derring-do of the criminal lifestyle. and the film is riddled with one hackneyed scene like this after another. heath ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role, providing little in the way of substance to make his character either interesting or engaging. it doesn't help that he has been forced to provide a droning voice-over narration that underlines the sanctimoniousness and pretentiousness of both the character and the film. "ned kelly" might serve a function of sorts as a lesson in australian history, but as an entertainment, it's just the same old story told with different accents.
this movie was so unrelentingly bad, i could hardly believe i was watching it. the directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by junior high school students who don't know all that much about movies. there was no narrative flow that made any sort of sense. big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between heath ledger and naomi watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come completely out of no where and are not set up like they would have been in a more elegantly and effectively made film. the characters are sadly underdeveloped, making it difficult for us to have any sort of connection with them. the acting, surprisingly, is not entirely bad, but the terrible writing cancels out the relatively convincing performances. the film plays like a particularly bad t.v. western/epic, and sadly diminishes the fascinating (true) story that it attempts to tell. i have read a lot of reviews that defend the film as being important to australians because of the subject matter. that's all very well, but just because ned kelly is an important australian historical icon doesn't make the movie good. no one is saying that the subject matter isn't good, just the quality of the movie itself. pearl harbor was about a very important historical event to americans, but that doesn't mean i'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. a failure all around, though heath and orlando are lovely to look at.
this movie never made it to theaters in our area, so when it became available on dvd i was one of the first to rent it. for once, i should listened to the critics and passed on this one. despite the excellent line up of actors the movie was very disappointing. i can see now why it went straight to video. i had thought that with bloom, ledger, and rush it could have some value. all have done wonderful work in the past. the movie was slow moving and never pulled me in. i failed to develop much empathy for the characters and had to fight the urge to fast-forward just to get to the end. i do not recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for 'eye candy' purposes. it won't satisfy even that.
i thought this was a very clunky, uninvolving version of a famous australian story. heath ledger and orlando bloom were very good in their roles, and gave their characters some personality; but the whole thing felt forced and mechanical. the beginning could have been a lot more involving; perhaps starting with a shootout, and then flashing back for a recap of how they got there or that sort of thing. and i felt like every scene was routinely predictable and signposted, like a very bad tv soap. i was really looking forward to this movie, and hoping for something a lot better. the only thing i can say in its favour is that it beats the mick jagger version, but not by much.
ned akelly is such an important story to australians but this movie is awful. it's an australian story yet it seems like it was set in america. also ned was an australian yet he has an irish accent...it is the worst film i have seen in a long time
from the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so obvious and heavy handed, that the outcome is entirely predictable. any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. in this film you will find none of that. the police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. it never seems to occur to the makers of this film that police might be honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society. the viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether ned kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. the film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. we see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue. this film contains many shots of ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. i found the film a real chore to watch. it is the direction for modern films, and this one put me off watching any more.
i guess i was attracted to this film both because of the sound of the story and the leading actor, so i gave it a chance, from director gregor jordan (buffalo soldiers). basically ned kelly (heath ledger) is set up by the police, especially superintendent francis hare (geoffrey rush), he is forced to go on the run forming a gang and go against them to clear his own and his family's names. that's really all i can say about the story, as i wasn't paying the fullest attention to be honest. also starring orlando bloom as joseph byrne, naomi watts as julia cook, laurence kinlan as dan kelly, philip barantini as steve hart, joel edgerton as aaron sherritt, kiri paramore as constable fitzpatrick, kerry condon as kate kelly, emily browning as grace kelly and rachel griffiths as susan scott. ledger makes a pretty good performance, for what it's worth, and the film does have it's eye-catching moments, particularly with a gun battle towards the end, but i can't say i enjoyed it as i didn't look at it all. okay!
i don't quite get the rating for the amati girls and i think i was really kind giving it a 4 out of 10. what could otherwise have been a wonderful story with actually a set of more or less decent actors became a total farce in my eyes. there are so many clichés in that flick, the women's hair is just awful and most of the scenes are more than unrealistic or seem fake. there's no real passion in this movie but a bunch of actors over-acting over any limits that it hurts. it's not funny enough to be a comedy, it's too fake-sad to really touch, so in my eyes it's just not good. watching it i couldn't believe how something like that made it to my tv set in my living room in switzerland. but.. maybe it still was ok and it just got lost in translation? who knows. definitely one of the oddest movies i've ever seen and this certainly not in a good way! sorry.
this movie was awful. the ending was absolutely horrible. there was no plot to the movie whatsoever. the only thing that was decent about the movie was the acting done by robert duvall and james earl jones. their performances were excellent! the only problem was that the movie did not do their acting performances any justice. if the script would have come close to capturing a halfway decent story, it would be worth watching. instead, robert duvall's and james earl jones' performances are completely wasted on a god awful storyline...or lack thereof. not only was i left waiting throughout the movie for something to happen to make the movie....well an actual movie...not just utterless dialog between characters for what ended up being absolutely no reason. it was nothing more than common dialog that would have taken place back in that period of time. there was nothing special about any of the characters. the only thing special was how robert duvall portrayed a rambling, senile, drunk, old man. nothing worthy happens during the entire movie including the end. when the movie ended, i sat amazed...amazed that i sat through the entire movie waiting for something of interest to happen to make watching the movie worth while. it never happened! the cast of characters suddenly started rolling making it apparent that the movie really was over and i realized that i had just wasted 2 hours of my life watching a movie with absolutely no plot and no meaning. it wasn't even a story. the entire movie takes place in a day's worth of time. that's it. it was one day in the life (and death) of some southerners on a plantation. how much of a story can take place in a single day (other than the movie training day)? the acting performances by the entire cast were excellent, but they were grossly wasted on such a disappointment of a movie...if you can even call it a movie.
holy crap. this was the worst film i have seen in a long time. all the performances are fine, but there is no plot. really! no plot! a bunch of clowns talk about this and that and that's your film. ug... robert duvall's character is senile and keeps asking the same people the same qestions over and over. this earns him the same responses over and over. i am pretty sure this film got upto a six because people think they should like it. good performances with famous and well regarded actors, but the actual complete work is a steamy turd. well, maybe that's a bit deceptive since steam rising from a fresh pile sounds a little like something happening and in this film nothing happens! sack
swing! is an important film because it's one of the remaining black-produced and acted films from the 1930s. many of these films have simply deteriorated so badly that they are unwatchable, but this one is in fairly good shape. it's also a nice chance to see many of the talented black performers of the period just after the heyday of the old cotton club--a time all but forgotten today. unfortunately, while the film is historically important and has some lovely performances, it's also a mess. the main plot is very similar to the hollywood musicals of the era--including a prima donna who is going to ruin the show and the surprise unknown who appears from no where to save the day. however, the writing is just god-awful and a bit trashy at times--and projects images of black america that some might find a bit demeaning. this is because before the plot really gets going, you are treated to a no-account bum who lives off his hard working wife (a popular stereotype of the time) and when he is caught with a hussy (who, by the way, totally overplays this role), they have a fight which looks like a scene from wwe smackdown! and, the one lady wants to cut the other lady with a straight razor--a trashy scene indeed! later in the film, when the prima donna is behaving abominably, her husband punches her in the face and everyone applauds him! it seems like the film, at times, wants to appeal to the lowest common denominator in the audience plus they can't even do this well--with some of the worst acting i've seen in a very long time. still, if you can look past a lousy production in just about every way (with trashy characters, bad acting and direction and poor writing), this one might be worth a peek so you can see excellent singing and tap dancing--as well as to catch a glimpse of forgotten black culture. just don't say i didn't warn you about the acting--it's really, really bad!
there's not a drop of sunshine in "the sunshine boys", which makes the title of this alleged comedy neil simon's sole ironic moment. simon, who adapted the script from his play (which goes uncredited), equates old age with irrational behavior--and, worse, clumsy, galumphing, mean-spirited irrational behavior. walter matthau is merciless on us playing an aged vaudeville performer talked into reuniting with former comedy partner george burns for a television special (it's said they were a team for 43 years, which begs the question "how long did vaudeville last, anyway?"). burns, who won a supporting oscar, has the misfortune of coming to the film some thirty minutes in, after which time matthau has already blasted the material to hell and back. the noisier the movie gets, the less tolerable and watchable it is. director herbert ross only did solid work when he wasn't coupled with one of neil simon's screenplays; here, ross sets up gags like a thudding amateur, hammering away at belligerent routines which fail to pay off (such as semi-incoherent matthau showing up at a mechanic's garage to audition for a tv commercial). at this point, matthau was still too young for this role, and he over-compensates by slouching and hollering. it was up to ross and simon to tone down the character, to nuance his temperament to give "the sunshine boys" some sunniness, yet walter continues to project as if we'd all gone deaf. the picture looks terribly drab and crawls along at a spiritless pace; one loses hope for it early on. *1/2 from ****
i like goldie hawn and wanted another one of her films, so when i saw protocol for $5.50 at walmart i purchased it. although mildly amusing, the film never really hits it a stride. some scenes such as a party scene in a bar just goes on for too long and really has no purpose. then, of course, there is the preachy scene at the end of the film which gives the whole film a bad taste as far as i'm concerned. i don't think this scene added to the movie at all. i don't like stupid comedies trying to teach me a lesson, written by some '60's burn out especially! in the end, although i'm glad to possess another hawn movie, i'm not sure it was really worth the money i paid for it!
protocol is an implausible movie whose only saving grace is that it stars goldie hawn along with a good cast of supporting actors. the story revolves around a ditzy cocktail waitress who becomes famous after inadvertently saving the life of an arab dignitary. the story goes downhill halfway through the movie and goldie's charm just doesn't save this movie. unless you are a goldie hawn fan don't go out of your way to see this film.
when an attempt is made to assassinate the emir of ohtar, an arab potentate visiting washington, d.c., his life is saved by a cocktail waitress named sunny davis. sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity and as a reward is offered a job working for the protocol section of the united states department of state. unknown to her however, the state department officials who offer her the job have a hidden agenda. a map we see shows ohtar lying on the borders of saudi arabia and south yemen, in an area of barren desert known as the rub al-khali, or empty quarter. in real life a state in this location would have a population of virtually zero, and virtually zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film we have to accept that ohtar is of immense strategic importance in the cold war and that the american government, who are keen to build a military base there, need to do all that they can in order to keep on the good side of its ruler. it transpires that the emir has taken a fancy to the attractive young woman who saved him and he has reached a deal with the state department; they can have their base provided that he can have sunny as the latest addition to his harem. sunny's new job is just a ruse to ensure that the emir has further opportunities to meet her. a plot like this could have been the occasion for some hilarious satire, but in fact the film's satirical content is rather toned down. possibly in 1984 the american public were not in the mood for trenchant satire on their country's foreign policy; this was, after all, the year in which ronald reagan carried forty-nine out of fifty states in the presidential election and his hard line with the soviet union was clearly going down well with the voters. (if the film had been made a couple of years later, in the wake of the iran/contra affair, its tone might have been different). the film is not so much a satire as a vehicle for goldie hawn to show off her brand of cuteness and charm. sunny is a typical goldie character- pretty, sweet-natured, naive and not too bright. there is, however, a limit to how far you can go with cuteness and charm alone, and you cannot automatically make a bad film a good one just by making the leading character a dumb blonde. (actually, that sounds more like a recipe for making a good film a bad one). goldie tries her best to save this one, but never succeeds. part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which her character is portrayed. on the one hand sunny is a sweet, innocent country girl from oregon. on the other hand she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a sleazy bar and wears a revealing costume. the effect is rather like imagining rebecca of sunnybrook farm grown up and working as a bunny girl. the more important reason why goldie is unable to rescue this film is even the best comedian or comedienne is no better than his/her material, and "protocol" is simply unfunny. whatever humour exists is tired and strained, relying on offensive stereotypes about arab men who, apparently, all lust after western women, particularly if they are blonde and blue-eyed. there was a lot of this sort of thing about in the mid-eighties, as this was the period which also saw the awful ben kingsley/ nastassia kinski film "harem", about a lascivious middle eastern ruler who kidnaps a young american woman, and the mini-series of the same name which told a virtually identical story with a period setting. the film-makers seem to have realised that their film would not work as a pure comedy, because towards the end it turns into a sort of latter-day "mr smith goes to washington". sunny turns from a blonde bimbo into a fount of political wisdom and starts uttering all sorts of platitudes about democracy and the constitution and the citizen's duty to vote and we the people and how the price of liberty is eternal vigilance blah blah blah , but in truth the film is no more successful as a political parable than it is as a comedy. goldie hawn has made a number of good comedies, such as "cactus flower", "overboard" and ""housesitter", but "protocol" is not one of them. i have not seen all of her films, but of those i have seen this dire comedy is by far the worst. 3/10
what does the " executive producer " do in a movie . if i remember correctly it's the person who raised the financial backing to make the movie . you might notice in a great number of movies starring sean connery that he is also the executive producer which meant connery himself raised the money since he is a major player . unfortunately it should also be pointed out that a great number of movies " starring sean connery were solely made because he managed to raise the money since he's a major hollywood player , it's usually an indication that when the credits read that the executive producer and the star of the movie are one and the same the movie itself is nothing more than a star vehicle with the story/screenplay not being up to scratch protocol follows the saga of one sunny davis a kooky bimboesque cocktail waitress who saves a visiting dignitary and as a reward gets made a top diplomat . likely ? as things progress ms davis ( who has problems being able to string two sentences together ) finds herself in more outlandish and less likely situations . when i say that protocol stars goldie hawn who is also the film's executive producer do you understand what i'm saying about the story/screenplay not being up to scratch ? exactly
outlandish premise that rates low on plausibility and unfortunately also struggles feebly to raise laughs or interest. only hawn's well-known charm allows it to skate by on very thin ice. goldie's gotta be a contender for an actress who's done so much in her career with very little quality material at her disposal...
there are only two movies i would give a 1/10 to, this stinker and "the man who fell to earth." i remember seeing protocol at a theater in the early 80s when i was in high school. the script is insulting to anyone (including a high school student's) intelligence. it completely lost me with the "hillarious" gag of someone getting shot in the butt. goldie hawn is supposed to be charming but comes across as vapid and moronic. then there are offensive stereotypes about arabs, followed by goldie winning over everyone by spouting populist dribble. the acting was terrible, including goldie hawn's. i could not stand to see another movie she was in until imo she redeemed herself in everyone says i love you. this is the kind of movie you make if you want to put no effort into screenplay writing. the worst.
the only good thing about this movie was the shot of goldie hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed. ooooof! her loins rival those of nina hartley. this movie came out when i was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me. i'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on tv, where they actually blurred her midsection in that scene, good grief, reminding me what a smokin' hottie of a woman goldie hawn was in the '80s. kurt russell must have had a fun life.
i'm studying catalan, and was delighted to find el mar, a movie with mostly catalan dialogue, at my art-house video store. hmmm... not so delighted to have seen it. yes, as other reviewers have said, it's well-made, and beautifully photographed. although the opening sequence of the children is shockingly violent, it's well-acted and convincing. (for the most part, that is... would the mallorquins strip a corpse in preparation for burial right in the middle of the town square, in full view of the dead man's 10-year-old boy?) oh, well... minor detail. up to this point, it had something of the feel of a non-magical pan's labyrinth, also set in the spanish civil war. fast-forward, and the three children who survived the opening incident have come of age. francisca is a nun working at a tuberculosis sanatorium and the two boys, manuel and ramallo, both are patients. i know, but hey, coincidences happen. the problem, as with so many spanish movies (apologies to almodovar fans), is that with one exception (francisca) the characters are just so dang *weird*. their motivations, personalities, and dialogue are often simply incoherent. what's more, it descends into some horrific wretched excess. be prepared for lots of pain and lots of blood. the reviewer who called it a "potboiler" is quite on track. if it had been made 40 years ago, the poster would've said: see forbidden love!! rape!! murder!! mutilation!! fanaticism!! animal cruelty!! betrayal!! the opening sequence is not nearly enough to make the personalities and relationships of the characters believable. to work, this should have had multiple flashbacks to flesh out the characters. as it is, it seems a bizarre and depressing cross between "brother sun, sister moon" and "pulp fiction." if that sounds like something you've got to see, by all means, enjoy. i think i go with something that doesn't make me feel i need to take a shower to wash off the gore and gloom. as for the catalan, it's the mallorqui dialect, fairly different than the barcelona dialect, though i was surprised by the comment that said that even barcelonans apparently needed catalan subtitles to understand it.
i was excited to view a cataluña ́s film in the berlin ́s competition. but after the presentation i was total disappointed and furious. too much blood, too much time, too much themes for nothing. the spanish civil war, like every war, was horrible. the revenge, a very human behavior, not pretty at all, is shown in uncountable films and plays, as well as the relations between homosexuals and the scepticism in spain about catholicism . but what mr villaronga try, is a pseudo tragedy that can belongs to the worst of the film ́s history. it is really a pity to see angela molina in this movie. i advise nobody under no circumstances to go to see this film.
this film was a major letdown. the level of relentless cruelty and violence in this film was very disturbing. some scenes were truly unnecessarily ugly and mean-spirited. the main characters were impossible to identify with or even sympathize with. the lead protagonist's character was as slimy as they come. the sickroom/hothouse atmosphere lent itself to over-the-top theatrics. little or nothing could be learned about the spanish civil war from this film. fortunately, i've been to spain and realize this is not realistic! in addition, the use of same-sex attraction as a lurid "horror" was also very offensive and poorly handled, while the dvd is being packaged and advertised to attract gay viewers. the actors seemed uncomfortable in their roles,as if they were trying to distance themselves from this mess.i guess if you like watching children and pets being brutally killed,this film might especially appeal to you.
three part "horror" film with some guy in a boarded up house imploring the viewer not to go "out there" and (unfortunately) gives us three tales to prove why. the first story involves a young couple in a car accident who meet up with two psychos. it leads up to two totally predictable twists. still, it's quick (about 15 minutes), violent, well-acted and well-done. predictable but enjoyable. the second involves a man on the run after stealing a large amount of money. his car breaks down, he's attacked by a dog and stumbles into a nearby clinic. very obvious, badly done and extremely slow. even at 30 minutes this is too long. good acting though. the third is just barely a horror story. it involves a beautiful, lonely woman looking for mr. right. it has beautiful set designs, a nice erotic feel and a nice sex scene. but (again) predictable and not even remotely scary. it ends very stupidly. all in all, the first one is worth watching, but that's it. tune in for that one then turn it off.
a very cheesy and dull road movie, with the intention to be hip and modern, shown in the editing style and some weird camera angles, resulting only in sleepiness. the cast is wasted, the writing is stupid and pretentious. the only thing worthwhile is the top-notch lalo schifrin's soundtrack, really cool and also the opening sequence, very original and interesting. run if you can, the bad opinions and comments about this flick are totally deserved; it is really pure garbage. of course that this has its charm, of watching a movie which everybody would not drop the beer glass on if it were on fire, but save it for a stormy day where you have absolutely nothing else to do.
there are some nice shots in this film, it catches some of the landscapes with such a beautiful light, in fact the cinematography is probably it's best asset. but it's basically more of a made for tv movie, and although it has a lot of twists and turns in the plot, which keeps it quite interesting viewing, there are no subtitles and key plot developments are unveiled in spanish, so non spanish speakers will be left a little lost. i had it as a xmas gift, as it's a family trait to work through the films of a actor we find talented, and matthew mconaughey was just awesome in "a time to kill" , and the "the newton boys " so i expressed i wanted to see more of his work. however although it says on the dvd box it is a matthew mconaughey film and uses this as a marketing ploy, he has a few lines and is on screen for not very minutes at the end of the film, he is basically an extra and he doesn't exactly light up the screen while he is on, so die hard fans, really not worth it from that point of view. the films star though, patrick mcgaw is great though and very easy on the eye, and his character is just so nice and kind and caring, a true saint of a guy, he'd be well written into a rom com. so for true mcconaughey acting brilliance of the ones i've seen, i'd recommend, "a time to kill" , "the newton boys " "frailty", "how to lose a guy in 10 days", "edtv" and "amistad" and avoid too "larger than life" and "angels in the outfield" unless you feel like a kids film or have kids around as neither of these are indicative of his talent, but are quite amusing films for children, again mm is really nothing more that a supporting artist with just a few if any lines. as for scorpion springit's not a bad film but it also isn't screen stealing either.
when a man who doesn't have alzheimer's can't remember how many films he's made, he probably is the world's most prolific director after all. that man is jesus franco, the king of so-called 'eurotrash'. his 1980 flick devil hunter is as rushed, opaque, stupid, lazy and exploitative in the truest sense of the word (the film's title is misleading, for starters) as any other franco film i've seen. that makes it sound pretty awful, and it is... yet franco does have some kind of inimitable sensibility, a generous way with the baldly outrageous, with nudity and sleaze and violence, and even with his stupid cheap editing which tries to pave over the extreme haste with which all his films were made. the mix of all these elements causes you to ride his films out, even while you're mostly waiting for them to end because they're so very tedious. devil hunter is nigh on incomprehensible for the first half an hour. the kidnap by strangers of a white woman who seems to be a model or film star is intercut with a bunch of native action in south america. there's lots of naked writhing, dancing, and endless repeated zoom-ins on an ugly totem pole. you need to get used to the repetitive zoom-ins and the technique of cutting back to the same shot about three times in a row right away, as these are franco's main methods of extending a film out to feature length. the monster who looks like the totem pole is actually kind of scary. he has raw bug eyes and his presence is always signalled on the soundtrack by cacophonous groaning, apparently recorded in an echo chamber. early in the piece he chews on a native lady strapped to a tree, and it's hard to know what really happens here but i think he ate her stomach (or her genitals, sweet jesus!). anyway, the adventure begins properly when a studly guy and his freaked out vietnam vet pal are sent to the island to recover the white girl from the kidnappers. the flakey guy has an accent which, as dubbed, is half brooklyn-american, half english-liverpudlian and all retarded. all of the dialogue and dubbing is ridiculous and laughable, making for another layer of the film which can somehow hold your interest. not too much really happens from here on in, and it happens pretty sluggishly, studded with the odd bit of outrage like a rape. the nebulous action is fleshed out (haha!) by acres of 360 degree nudity from the natives and the two female leads, and even from the monster himself. that he walks around with his penis exposed makes wrestling him an unappetising prospect for the tough guy hero, but it's gotta be done at some point, and it's nice to note that the director will show anyone's genitals on camera. the best feature of devil hunter is the location filming. franco can be extremely cheap with the structural and story aspects of film-making, but he doesn't muck around with sets. you get real islands, jungles, helicopters and mountains, all in widescreen. this is something that is really cool to experience in these days of crappy cgi sets and backdrops ad nauseam. ultimately, issues of recommendation where this film is concerned seem moot. if you're trying to see all the video nasties, you will have to watch this at some point, and you'll be made as restless as i was. if you like franco, you'll watch this anyway. if you fall into neither of the above categories, the odds are you'll never come across this film. copies of it aren't just lying around, and i could hardly recommend the seeking out of it. it's franco. lazy, crazy franco.
i have been looking for this film for ages because it is quite rare to find as it was one of the video nasties. i finally found it on dvd at the end of last year it is a very low budget movie the story is set around amazon jungle tribes that are living in fear of the devil. laura crawford is a model who is kidnapped by a gang of thugs while she is working in south america. they take her into the jungle laura is guarded by some ridiculous native who calls himself "the devil" she has to go though all unpleasant things until they are happy. maidens are chained up. the devil demonstrates eating flesh in a horrible manner. peter weston, is the devil hunter, who goes into the jungle to try and rescue her,
as the number of video nasties i've yet to see dwindles, this little pile of garbage popped up on my "to rent" list when i saw it was available. the premise involves a fashion model or something being kidnapped and taken into the jungle to be held for ransom by a motley crew of idiots. some other goof gets hired to bring her back and is given a sack of money to use as a bargaining chip, though if he returns with the girl and all the money, he gets a significant cut. he's brought a helicopter and pilot with him and, wow, that pilot is one of the worst actors ever! granted, they are all totally terrible and the dubbing will make you cry blood. after stealing away into the jungle, we learn that nearby is a cannibal cult whose flesheating earthbound god wanders the woods like a human king kong looking for tribeswomen to ravage and devour. now, this fellow is just a naked guy with some of the worst makeup ever, ping-pong balls for eyes and that's pretty much it. his growls and groans are an everpresent feature on the soundtrack, and i found myself muting much of those scenes. oh, did i forget to mention the almost constant nudity? this is probably the main reason this film was banned, though there is one specific scene, about one second long, where the god attacks a girl and pulls her guts out, but it's not a redeeming factor for gore fans. also, jess franco goes beyond the usual t and a and shows lengthy close-ups of female genitals, and, sadly, male as well. so, if you want "fair" in terms of exploitation, you got it. i can't recommend this trash to anyone. it's not even the good bad movie. it's just atrociously padded trash that only a video nasty fan will probably view and even then, if you are making your way through the list, leave this for the very last. if you watch it first, you may get the notion that this is the norm for the list, which is certainly not true.
not sure if i'm referring to those who labeled this a video nasty or to the director..."devil hunter" sure is one bizarre 'horror' movie. the plot is a loosey goosey combo of superior films like "cannibal ferox" and "cut and run." chick gets kidnapped in the 'jungle' by a 'tribe' of 'savages.' the jungle looks more like a park somewhere in mexico. the tribe is like a group of hippies who walk around in party city-style halloween costume renditions of tribal garb. and the savages range in race from white to asian to black to hispanic. i suppose franco just grabbed anyone who looked even slightly ethnic for this romp. to make matters worse, this film has ultra-minimal gore, no real scares and a lot of unnecessary penis. not fun. i can find something to like in just about any sleazy italian or euro-trash film; this one just fell way short. 2 out of 10, kids.
this video nasty was initially banned in britain, and allowed in last november without cuts. it features the playboy playmate of the month october 1979, ursula buchfellner. the opening cuts back and forth between buchfellner and foggy jungle pictures. i am not sure what the purpose of that was. it would have been much better to focus on the bathtub scene. laura (buchfellner) is kidnapped and held in the jungle for ransom. peter (al cliver - the beyond, zombie) is sent to find her and the ransom. of course, one of the kidnappers (antonio de cabo) manages to pass the time productively, while another (werner pochath) whines incessantly. the ransom exchange goes to hell, and laura runs into the jungle. will peter save her before the cannibals have a meal? oh, yes, there are cannibals in this jungle. why do you think it was a video nasty! muriel montossé is found by peter and his partner (antonio mayans - angel of death) on the kidnapper's boat. montossé is very comfortably undressed. peter leaves them and goes off alone to find laura, who has been captured by now. they pass the time having sex, and don't see the danger approaching. guts, anyone? great fight between peter and the naked devil (burt altman). blood, decapitation, guts, lots of full frontal, some great writhing by the cannibal priestess (aline mess), and the line, "they tore her heart out," which is hilarious if you see the film.
of the three titles from jess franco to find their way onto the official dpp video nasty list (devil hunter, bloody moon and women behind bars) this is perhaps the least deserving of notoriety, being a dreadfully dull jungle clunker enlivened only very slightly by a little inept gore, a gratuitous rape scene, and loads of nudity. gorgeous blonde ursula buchfellner plays movie star laura crawford who is abducted by a gang of ruthless kidnappers and taken to a remote tropical island inhabited by a savage tribe who worship the 'devil god' that lurks in the jungle (a big, naked, bulging-eyed native who likes to eat the hearts of nubile female sacrifices). employed by laura's agent to deliver a $6million ransom, brave mercenary peter weston (al cliver) and his vietnam vet pilot pal travel to the island, but encounter trouble when the bad guys attempt a double-cross. during the confusion, laura escapes into the jungle, but runs straight into the arms of the island's natives, who offer her up to their god. franco directs in his usual torpid style and loads this laughable effort with his usual dreadful trademarks: crap gore, murky cinematography, rapid zooms, numerous crotch shots, out of focus imagery, awful sound effects, and ham-fisted editing. the result is a dire mess that is a real struggle to sit through from start to finish (it took me a couple of sittings to finish the thing), and even the sight of the luscious buchfellner in all of her natural glory ain't enough to make me revisit this film in a hurry.
how can you tell that a horror movie is terrible? when you can't stop laughing about it of course! the plot has been well covered by other reviewers, so i'll just add a few things on the hilarity of it all. some reviews have placed the location in south america, others in africa, i thought it was in some random island in the pacific. where exactly does this take place, seems to be a mystery. the cannibal tribe is conformed by a couple of black women some black men, and a man who looks like a young frank zappa banging the drums... the devil god is a large black man with a terrible case of pink eyes. one of the "freakiest" moments in the film is when, "pablito" find his partner hanging from a tree covered in what seems to be an orange substance that i assume is blood, starts screaming for minutes on and on (that's actually funny), and then the head of his partner falls in the ground and "pablito" kicks it a bit for what i assume is "shits n' giggles" and the eyes actually move... but, of course, then the "freak" is gone when you realize the eyes moved because the movie is just bad... i hadn't laughed like this in a loooong while, and i definitely recommend this film for a sunday afternoon with your friends and you have nothing to do... grab a case of beers and start watching this film, you'll love it! if you are looking for a real horror or gore movie, though... don't' bother.
a model named laura is working in south america when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken into the jungle. they demand a huge ransom for her release. peter is hired to get her home safe and there is a bonus in it for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl. peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend jack. they try to give the kidnappers fake money in return for laura but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to bail out in the helicopter. the helicopter is shot and they also have to bail from that (not going well so far). also roaming the jungles is a devil of sorts. in reality its just a naked black guy with weirdly big eyes and a breathing problem. he starts to kill a few of the kidnappers and laura escapes only to be captured by some primitives. the rest of the film is a bit of a blur really. now i'm not a massive jess franco fan, in fact to date this is only the second film of his i have seen, but even i can tell that this really isn't one of his best efforts. the films drags along at a pretty slow pace without much at all happening. the whole thing could have been edited down quite easily into a 25 minute tv show. there are plenty of overly long shots of people walking through the jungle that could have just been lifted straight out. devil hunter is poorly lit (infact i don't think it was lit at all), badly dubbed, poorly acted and slow yet for some reason it didn't bore me. i think the main reason for this was some of the hilariously bad scenes in it. for example a scene where laura is walking in the street was obviously shot in a real street as crowds of people stop to stare straight at the camera as its shooting. another funny scene has one of the gang who has been killed, hung in a tree dripping blood as one of his friends stands directly under him screaming for what seems like minutes. then for no reason at all the man in the trees head just falls of and hits the guy under him. it has to be seen to be believed. then of course there is the actual devil. it is just some naked black guy who despite the fact he has massive eyes, he has very blurry vision. the film was hooked up in part of the video nasty scare in the 80's here in the uk and was banned. now why it was i have no idea. there is very little gore at all and it's hardly a shocking film. minus the nudity i would have said that it could get away with a pg almost. the only thing i can think of is that it was never actually watched and was added to the original list because of word of mouth. there is not much reason to watch this film really unless you are a massive jess franco fan. there is plenty of nudity to keep you from falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad you can have a good laugh at them but other wise i would say just pay for a ticket to south america and get lost in a jungle. it would probably be more fun. 3/10
an actress making a movie in africa is kidnapped and taken into the jungle where she is held for ransom. the producer hires some one to go and bring her back. complicating everything are the cannibals in the jungle who worship a really ugly looking "god" who likes to eat naked women. this is a gory sleazy movie. there is copious amounts of nudity and violence, not to mention violence against nude people. its an exploitation film designed to appeal to the deepest darkest parts of our being, and if the movie wasn't so boring this film would be a classic. lets face it, despite the gore, the nasty sex and abuse,and the ugly monster this movie is a snoozer. the pacing is all off kilter and it puts you out. there are multiple plot lines that all seem to be happening separately from each other, even though its ultimately all one story. worst of all, almost no one says anything. most of the minimal dialog concerns the cruelty or one characters protestations that "i'll do what i want". its such a quiet and dull movie that if it weren't for the frequent screams of the victims i'd recommend this as a sleep aide. this is a movie to avoid unless you need sleep, or unless you need to see every euro-cannibal movie. (an aside. videoasia just released this as part of their terror tales series. their print is oddly letter-boxed which looks to be the result of taking their print from a japanese source (there is fogging) that was cropped to remove the subtitles. their print also has no opening titles)
or anyone who was praying for the sight of al cliver wrestling a naked, 7ft tall black guy into a full nelson, your film has arrived! film starlet laura crawford (ursula buchfellner) is kidnapped by a group who demand the ransom of $6 million to be delivered to their island hideaway. what they don't count on is rugged vietnam vet peter weston (cliver) being hired by a film producer to save the girl. and what they really didn't count on was a local tribe that likes to offer up young women to their monster cannibal god with bloodshot bug eyes. pretty much the same filming set up as cannibals, this one fares a bit better when it comes to entertainment value, thanks mostly a hilarious dub track and the impossibly goofy monster with the bulging eyes (franco confirms they were split ping pong balls on the disc's interview). franco gets a strong eurocult supporting cast including gisela hahn (contamination) and werner pochath (whose death is one of the most head-scratching things i ever seen as a guy who is totally not him is shown - in close up - trying to be him). the film features tons of nudity and the gore (tempra paint variety) is there. the highlight for me was the world's slowly fistfight between cliver and antonio de cabo in the splashing waves. sadly, ol' jess pads this one out to an astonishing (and, at times, agonizing) 1 hour and 40 minutes when it should have run 80 minutes tops. for the most part, the severin dvd looks pretty nice but there are some odd ghosting images going on during some of the darker scenes. also, one long section of dialog is in spanish with no subs (they are an option, but only when you listen to the french track). franco gives a nice 16- minute interview about the film and has much more pleasant things to say about buchfellner than his cannibals star sabrina siani.
devil hunter gained notoriety for the fact that it's on the dpp 'video nasty' list, but it really needn't have been. many films on the list where there for god (and dpp) only known reasons, and while this isn't the tamest of the bunch; there isn't a lot here that warrants banning...which is a shame because i never would have sat through it where it not for the fact that it's on 'the shopping list'. the plot actually gives the film a decent base - or at least more of a decent base than most cannibal films - and it follows an actress who is kidnapped and dragged off into the amazon jungle. a hunter is then hired to find her, but along the way he has to brave the natives, lead by a man who calls himself "the devil" (hence the title). the film basically just plods along for eighty five minutes and there really aren't many scenes of interest. it's a real shame that jess franco ended up making films like this because the man clearly has talent; as seen by films such as the diabolical dr z, venus in furs, faceless and she kills in ecstasy, but unfortunately his good films are just gems amongst heaps of crap and devil hunter is very much a part of the crap. i saw this film purely because i want to be able to say i've seen everything on the dpp's list (just two more to go!), and i'm guessing that's why most other people who have seen it, saw it. but if you're not on the lookout for nasties; there really is no reason to bother with this one.
this film seemed way too long even at only 75 minutes. the problem with jungle horror films is that there is always way too much footage of people walking (through the jungle, up a rocky cliff, near a river or lake) to pad out the running time. the film is worth seeing for the laughable and naked native zombie with big bulging, bloody eyes which is always accompanied on the soundtrack with heavy breathing and lots of reverb. eurotrash fans will be plenty entertained by the bad english dubbing, gratuitous female flesh and very silly makeup jobs on the monster and native extras. for a zombie/cannibal flick this was pretty light on the gore but then i probably didn't see an uncut version.
sexo cannibal, or devil hunter as it's more commonly known amongst english speaking audiences, starts with actress & model laura crawford (ursula buchfellner as ursula fellner) checking out locations for her new film along with her assistant jane (gisela hahn). after a long days work laura is relaxing in the bath of her room when two very dubious character's named chris (werner pochath) & thomas (antonio mayans) burst in & kidnap her having been helped by the treacherous jane. laura's agent gets on the blower to rent-a-hero peter weston (al cliver) who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have laura on an isolated island & are demanding a 6 million ransom. peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely & a further 10% of the 6 million if he brings that back as well, faster than a rat up a drain pipe peter & his vietnam vet buddy helicopter pilot jack are on the island & deciding on how to save laura. so, the kidnappers have laura & peter has the 6 million but neither want to hand them over that much. just to complicate things further this particular isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations they've lived there they've only managed to build one straw hut, now that's primitive) who worship some cannibal monster dude (burt altman) with bulging eyes as a god with human sacrifices & this cannibal has a liking for young, white female flesh & intestines... this spanish, french & german co-production was co-written & directed by the prolific jesus franco who also gets the credit for the music as well. sexo cannibal has gained a certain amount of notoriety here in the uk as it was placed on the 'video nasties' list in the early 80's under it's alternate devil hunter title & therefore officially classed as obscene & banned, having said that i have no idea why as it is one bad film & even franco, who isn't afraid to be associated with a turkey, decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of clifford brown. i'd imagine even the most die-hard franco fan would have a hard time defending this thing. the script by franco, erm sorry i mean clifford brown & julian esteban as julius valery who was obviously another one less than impressed with the finished product & wanted his named removed, is awful. it's as simple & straight forward as that. for a start the film is so boring it's untrue, the kidnap plot is one of the dullest i've ever seen without the slightest bit of tension or excitement involved & the horror side of things don't improve as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over-sized bloodshot eyes plus two tame cannibal scenes. as a horror film sexo cannibal fails & as an action adventure it has no more success, this is one to avoid. director franco shows his usual incompetence throughout, a decapitated head is achieved by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try & give the impression it's not attached to anything! the cannibal scenes are poor, the action is lame & it has endless scenes of people randomly walking around the jungle getting from 'a' to 'b' & not really doing anything when they get there either. it becomes incredibly dull & tedious to watch after about 10 minutes & don't forget this thing goes on for 94 minutes in it's uncut state. i also must mention the hilarious scene when al cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff, this is achieved by franco turning his camera on it's side & having cliver crawl along the floor! just look at the way his coat hangs & the way he never grabs onto to anything as he just pulls himself along! the gore isn't that great & as far as euro cannibal films go this is very tame, there are some gross close ups of the cannibals mouth as it chews bits of meat, a man is impaled on spikes, there's some blood & a handful of intestines. there's a fair bit of nudity in sexo cannibal & an unpleasant rape scene. sexo cannibal must have had a low budget & i mean low. this is a shoddy poorly made film with awful special effects & rock bottom production values. the only decent thing about it is the jungle setting which at least looks authentic. the music sucks & sound effects become annoying as there is lots of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on screen. the acting sucks, the whole thing was obviously dubbed anyway but no one in this thing can act. sexo cannibal is a terrible film that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. the only good things i can say is that it has a certain sleazy atmosphere to it & those close ups of the cannibal chewing meat are pretty gross. anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give sexo cannibal as wide a berth as possible, one to avoid.
not only is it a disgustingly made low-budget bad-acted movie, but the plot itself is just stupid!!! a mystic man that eats women? (and by the looks, not virgin ones) ridiculous!!! if you ́ve got nothing better to do (like sleeping) you should watch this. yeah right.
this is the worst thing the tmnt franchise has ever spawned. i was a kid when this came out and i still thought it was deuce, even though i liked the original cartoon. there's this one scene i remember when the mafia ape guy explains to his minions what rhetorical questions are. it's atrocious. many fans hate on the series for including a female turtle, but that didn't bother me. so much so that i didn't even remember her until i read about the show recently. all in all, it's miserably forgettable. the only okay thing was the theme song. guilty pleasure, they call it... nananana ninja...
sometime in 1998, saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand-new ninja turtles live-action series. naturally, being a fan of the tmnt back in the day, this obviously peaked my interest. so when i started watching the show... to say i was disappointed by the end result is an understatement. some time later (more like recently), i got a chance to revisit the series. first off, let's talk about some of the positives. they managed to re-create the turtles' lair as it was last seen in the movies fairly well given the limited budget they threw in with this. there tends to be this darker atmosphere overall in terms of the sets and whatnot. and the turtle suits, while not the greatest piece of puppetry and whatnot, were functional and seemed pretty sturdy for most of the action stuff that would follow in the series. people tend to complain about getting rid of shredder quickly and replacing him with these original villains who could have easily been used in a power rangers show. but you can only have shredder get beat so many times before it gets boring and undermines his worth as a villain... and besides, most fans don't realize or don't remember or just plain ignore the fact that in the original comic, the shredder was offed in the very first issue! never mind the countless resurrections that would follow. so on a personal standpoint, i was sort of glad they got rid of shredder because then the anticipation would build to the point where they would eventually bring him back in a later episode. i find that shredder in small quantities work best because then his encounters with the turtles are all the more memorable. unfortunately, they end up replacing him with these original villains who, as stated, seemed more fit for a power rangers show than a ninja turtles show. and with these new magic-wielding generics comes a new female magic-wielding turtle, the infamous venus de milo. i'll be honest; i never got comfortable with her. i'm not against the idea of a female turtle; i'm just against the idea of one who uses magic and thus sticks out like a sore sight among a clan of ninja turtles who seem somewhat out of their domain. i almost get the impression that this could have easily been the venus de milo show dealing with her make-believe enemies and the tmnt are just there to provide the star power (or whatever was left considering the timeframe this was released). fortunately, they all share the spotlight together. next mutation was canned after a season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. given time and maybe another season, i really believe this live iteration of the tmnt could have been something and might have gotten a chance at greatness. but while the idea was sound, the execution was flawed (although there are a couple good episodes in this series). as it stands, next mutation is one of those oddities in turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten.
this is the biggest insult to tmnt ever. fortunantely, officially venus does not exist in canon tmnt. there will never be a female turtle, this took away from the tragic tale of 4 male unique mutants who will never have a family of their own, once gone no more. the biggest mistake was crossing over power rangers to tmnt with a horrible episode; the turtle's voices were wrong and they all acted out of character. they could have done such a better job, better designs and animatronics and no venus. don't bother with this people...it's cringe worthy material. the lip flap was slow and unnatural looking. they totally disrespected shredder. the main baddie, some dragonlord dude was corny. the turtles looked corny with things hanging off their bodies, what's with the thing around raph's thigh? the silly looking sculpted plastrons!? if they looked normal, acted in character and got rid of venus, got rid of the stupid kiddie cartoon sounds...and better writing it could have been good.
i did not like the idea of the female turtle at all since 1987 we knew the tmnt to be four brothers with their teacher splinter and their enemies and each one of the four brothers are named after the great artists name like leonardo , michelangleo, raphel and donatello so venus here doesn't have any meaning or playing any important part and i believe that the old tmnt series was much more better than that new one which contains venus as a female turtle will not add any action to the story we like the story of the tmnt we knew in 1987 to have new enemies in every part is a good point to have some action but to have a female turtle is a very weak point to have some action, we wish to see more new of tmnt series but just as the same characters we knew in 1987 without that female turtle.
i cannot stay indifferent to lars van trier's films. i consider 'breaking the waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. i loved 'dancer in the night'. i admired the idea in 'dogville' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical, less cinema. 'europa' which i see only now was a famous film at its time, succeeded in the us the relative success of an european film and got the oscar for the best foreign language movie, but did not survive well the time in my opinion. it is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste. the story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer. treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished, of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today, more such was novel and courageous two decades ago. yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task. the film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of hitchcock, especially his early films set in the pre-war europe, with brave british spies fighting evil german spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark. the trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re-birth of germany after war, of its might, of its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and civility. the characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys. the principal character a young american of german origin coming to post-war europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers, with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love doubtfully mixed with treason. it is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case. the actions of the characters, especially of leopold kessler played by jean-marc barr seem confused, and lack credibility. the overall cinematography seems to be not hitchcock-like but rather from a bad imitation of hitchcock in the late 30s. the usage of color over the black-and-white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. it is not that van trier does not master his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is. he really is great, as he will show in some of his later films, but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone.
this film is terrible. you don't really need to read this review further. if you are planning on watching it, suffice to say - don't (unless you are studying how not to make a good movie). the acting is horrendous... serious amateur hour. throughout the movie i thought that it was interesting that they found someone who speaks and looks like michael madsen, only to find out that it is actually him! a new low even for him!! the plot is terrible. people who claim that it is original or good have probably never seen a decent movie before. even by the standard of hollywood action flicks, this is a terrible movie. don't watch it!!! go for a jog instead - at least you won't feel like killing yourself.
terrible movie. nuff said. these lines are just filler. the movie was bad. why i have to expand on that i don't know. this is already a waste of my time. i just wanted to warn others. avoid this movie. the acting sucks and the writing is just moronic. bad in every way. the only nice thing about the movie are deniz akkaya's breasts. even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene. the movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage. ok now i am just going to rag on imdb for this stupid rule of 10 lines of text minimum. first i waste my time watching this offal. then feeling compelled to warn others i create an account with imdb only to discover that i have to write a friggen essay on the film just to express how bad i think it is. totally unnecessary.
assuming this won't end up a straight-to-video release, i would have to say void this title at all costs. unless you're bored of good, well-executed movies, that is. i saw this last night at afi dallas, and i left with 20 minutes remaining, simply because i didn't care anymore (about the plot, not about insulting the director...that is awkward). when you can spot a goof only 5 minutes into the movie (a shot out, shattered window before any shots are fired...and then the window breaks with the first shot), things are going to bad. let's just say this is only an indicator of things to come...unfortunately. i'll spare you all the details, but this is sub-par in every manner, even the half-assed acting by michael madsen is disappointing when you're expecting half-assed acting from him. and the rape scene...christ! "shut up and take it" should never be used in a rape scene. ever. 3/10
sometimes a movie is so comprehensively awful it has a destructive effect on your morale. you begin to really ask yourself, what does it mean for our society that the standard is so terribly low? can they honestly expect that we'll endure this many clichés and still be entertained? of course, it is still a hollywood mainstay to make the gun the major character, plot device, and the source of all conflict and resolution in films. character needs a gun. gets a gun. can't do that because he has a gun. puts his gun down first. oh my god what are we going to do!? he has a gun! he waves it around, acting more malicious than real human beings ever do. he pushes it in someone's face for 90 minutes, shouting questions. the hallmark of any conclusion will be the comforting sound of police sirens. it's a real challenge to make such a tired, hackneyed formula work again; a film has to be very clever and well executed. this one is neither. it has no life and no personality, and it will suck these components from you. it will make you feel worse about living in the time and space that you do. really, who needs that!? so yes, i'll say it: i think this may well be the worst film i have ever seen. anyone who was involved in the making of this sub- mediocre soul killing trash should be publicly embarrassed for the disservice they've done to us all.
i have to congratulate the genius who approved this one. edward furlong, you're not as good as you think mate, you can't grab on every piece of low-cost amateur crap, which sole intention has to be to get some bucks. the filming is bad, and i mean bad. anyone with a camera would get the same result, or better. the acting, lets just say: don't go to the supermarket looking for actors. the good ones usually come with a degree or, at least, have some damn experience! the director.. mr. jon keeyes, please find your purpose in life, as a director you simply suck. your directing is poor, the angles are all messed up (not in a good way), the lines seem as if they're being read out of toilet paper, and the damn music.. it always comes up when it shouldn't and goes out for no apparent reason. and don't go for writer either, by the way. making movies isn't like serving on a coffeshop, it requires art and skill, things i really doubt you'll ever have. instead of making a badass shootout movie, you should've shot this one back to oblivion and wait 'till something good came up.. or just go find a job on a coffeshop. you'll have less stress and you'll save movie goers some money and a bad night. vote: 1/10 (my first one)
i rented this one on dvd without any prior knowledge. i was suspicious seeing michael madsen appearing in a movie i have never heard of, but it was a freebie, so why not check it out. well my guess is that mr. blonde would very much like to forget he's ever taken part in such a shame of a film. apparently, if your script and dialogs are terrible, even good actors cannot save the day. not to mention the amateur actors that flood this film. too many non-native-english-speakers play parts of native-english-speakers, reading out lines from a script that should have been thrown away and not having been made into a movie. it's unbelievable how unbelievable all the lines in the movie sound. the music is awful and totally out of place, and the whole thing looks and sounds like a poor school play. i recommend you watch it just so you would appreciate other, better, movies. this is why i gave it a 3 instead of the 1 it deserves.
i saw this dvd in my friends house and thought that this was a turkish action movie with some hollywood-not very big-names in it. interested enough i decide to give it a shot later.. it was a tough to bear experience believe me. then, after finally seeing the credits roll i tought 'we turks really suck at hollywood style film making.. this is an insult to the heist|hostage movie genre..' but then wait! i checked some names and no, they were not turkish names and no, this was not a turkish movie; on the contrary it was literally shot in america with an american director & crew! that made me thinking-again!- how on earth can you persuade names like micheal madsen, edward furlong or even arnold vosloo to take part in such a project? with money probably.. that kept me thinking further.. how can you raise such amount of money to offer them and a supposedly international cast? then all my meditation paid off and i came to find the answer.by hiring the cheapest equipment and crew that you can find. and if you still have to difficulty in adjustin your budget then: by writing and directing the movie you are trying to produce-or vice versa i don't have any information on that-. so bottom line this is not a bad movie as everybody are so anxious to present as.. it makes you think -in my case even meditate- and there are a lot of movies outthere that doesn't give even that affect.. this one at least makes you think; it makes you wonder.. it leaves you with disbelief.. and then it makes you wonder again..
what was with all the turkish actors? no offense but i thought it was all for nothing for all these actors. the film had no script to test any actors acting skill or ability. it demanded next to nothing i bought this film to see michael madsen. he is one of my favorite actors but this film was another failure for him. the script was so bad. their was just nothing to sink your teeth into and all the characters were two dimensional. madsen tried to act like a hard ass but the script and direction didn't even allow him to do enough with his character to make it more interesting or 3 dimensional. even the sound effects of the gunfight at the beginning of the film sounded like the noise of paint ball guns when they are fired in a skirmish. it was really weird and they didn't sound like real guns. a video game had better sound effects than this film. there was also a really annoying bloke at the beginning of the film who was a member of the robbery gang. he had this american whining voice like a girl shouting lines like "lets get the f#$k out of here" and what are we going to do man". he sounded like a girl. as a positive it was funny to watch and it made me laugh too. for a few seconds. whoo hoo ! dumb film. poor madsen. he will bounce back...
this movie was terrible. at first i just read the plot summary and it looked ok, so i watched it. the acting was terrible. it was like the actor were almost camera shy. everything seemed fake. i feel bad for edward furlong, terminator 2 was my favorite a few years ago.. i've watched it at least 20 times.... the plot was also crap. the writers were probably sleep deprived when they came up with the lines. on the plus side, it's the good kind of bad movie. the one you keep watching just to see how much worst could it will get, so that later you can tell other people how you couldn't believe how terrible the movie was. i think everybody should watch this, so that then we could appreciate better other, real, movies.
i am a big fan of arnold vosloo. finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy. unfortunately i took film appreciation in college and the only thing i can say that i didn't like was that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos. i have to say that the acting leaves something to be desired, but arnold is an excellent actor, i have to chalk it up to lousy direction and the supporting cast leaves something to be desired. i love arnold vosloo, and he made the film viewable. otherwise, i would have written it off as another lousy film. i found the rape scene brutal and unnecessary, but the actors that got away at the end were pretty good. but the sound effects of the shoot-out were pretty bad. there are some glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the low-caliber of the film. all in all i enjoyed the film, because arnold vosloo was in it. jackie
this is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the national film preservation foundation says 1969 and imdb says 1972). regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s. the film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. these distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort. this was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes tiresome. the film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total bore and would appeal to no one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and "with it" to be understood by us mortals.
nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. i did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. it was just not my cup of tea. it's about 81⁄2 minutes too long.
there are lots of extremely good-looking people in this movie. that's probably the best thing about it. perhaps that even makes it worth watching. "loaded" tells the story of tristan price (jesse metcalfe), a young man who's about to make his mark on the world. he's the son of a well-to-do family with a good reputation, and he's on his way to law school. but like so many such settings, things aren't quite as perfect as they appear. the expectations in this family far outweigh the love. except for school, tristan's father rarely lets him leave the house. this seems to be the result of some past traumatic event that shook the family, which is partially revealed through flashbacks but isn't spelled out until the very end. tristan's claustrophobic environment causes him to let loose in very extreme ways at the first possible opportunity, when his friends take him out to a strip club to celebrate his graduation. the celebration soon follows some strippers back to a beach house party, and from there, tristan befriends sebastian cole (corey large), who pulls him into a drug dealing underworld. while technically well-made, this movie suffers from a lackluster script and a storyline that isn't very engaging. also counting against this film are some constant camera tricks that generally seemed annoying and out-of-place, such as slow-motion, fast-motion, freeze-frames and echos. these are the types of effects a director might normally utilize to show a character's perspective while on drugs, except in this case they seem to have been sporadically tossed in at random points, in some cheap attempt at style. despite its cast of relative unknowns, performances were good all around, most notably with respect to the main antagonist (corey large). i suspect we'll be seeing at least a couple of these people in bigger and better projects in the future. of course, when mentioning the actors, i must mention their looks. rating based on hotness, this movies scores an 11. the women in this movie are incredible-looking and almost distract you from what a boring movie you're watching. i'm sure the male characters are also quite attractive, but you'll have to ask someone else to comment on that. overall, i can't recommend this movie, not for buying, renting, or even seeing for free. it's unfortunately just not worth the effort it takes to sit through.
this is it. this is the one. this is the worst movie ever made. ever. it beats everything. i have never seen worse. retire the trophy and give it to these people.....there's just no comparison. even three days after watching this (for some reason i still don't know why) i cannot believe how insanely horrific this movie is/was. its so bad. so far from anything that could be considered a movie, a story or anything that should have ever been created and brought into our existence. this made me question whether or not humans are truly put on this earth to do good. it made me feel disgusted with ourselves and our progress as a species in this universe. this type of movie sincerely hurts us as a society. we should be ashamed. i really cannot emphasize that our global responsibility as people living here and creating art, is that we need to prevent the creation of these gross distortions of our reality for our own good. it's an embarrassment. i don't know how on earth any of these actors, writers, or the director of this film sleeps at night knowing that they had a role in making "loaded". i don't know what type of disgusting monsters enjoy watching these types of movies. that being said, i love a good "bad" movie. i love shark attack 3, i love bad taste, they are hilarious. i tell all my friends to see them because they are "bad". but this.......this crosses the line of "bad" into a whole new dimension. this is awkward bad. this is the bad where you know everything that is going to happen, every line, every action, every death, every sequence before they happen; and not just like a second or two before, i mean like, after watching the first 5 minutes before. every cheesy editing "effect" is shamelessly used over and over again to a sickening point. i really never want to see the "shaky" camera "drug buzz rush" effect or jump cuts or swerve cuts or any fancy cut ever again ever. this is meticulously boring, repetitive and just tortures the audience. but.......and let me be specific here, the most disturbing thing about this movie is that given the production, it appears that a somewhat decent amount of money was actually put into this excrement. i personally will grab the shoulders of the director if i ever see him and shake him into submission, demanding that he run home and swallow two-gallons of drain-o or i will do it for him. if we ever needed a new form of inhumane torture for our war prisoners abroad, just keep showing them this movie in a padded cell over and over again. trust me, i think they will become more extravagant with suicide methods after the 72nd time of sitting through this. stop these movies, they are just the most vile of all facets of our society. please. stop. now.
there are times when finishing a film one wishes to have a refund for the time just spent. this was one of those times. i almost gave up with only 15 minutes left to endure... and i wish i had... the pace that a man goes from a straight-laced, controlled life to one of complete spinelessness and irresponsibility could never be this rapid. from a graduation celebration to the predictable ending tristan price (jesse metcalfe) man of privilege and culture allows himself to be seduced by a woman, by violence, and by mind altering substances. of course, the woman part is understandable when observing the talents of the beautiful april (nathalie kelley). but the in for a penny in for a pound aspect of the drugs, violence and dedication to a person he has just met is impossible to understand. frankly, besides being able to stare at nathalie kelley and monica keena, this film has no redeeming qualities. save your money, save your time... do anything else...
weak plot, predictable violence, only semi interesting characters. like the writer (also one of the stars?) was fictionalizing his own screw ups and added an incredulous fantasies of drugs and murder to make it "hot". from the predictable rap and house soundtrack, to the family conflicts, it's poorly acted, stereotypical, and ultimately terribly boring. even the title has been done before - imdb lists five movies with the same name released in 2007-2008!! note: saw it on showtime, which listed the synopsis for one of the other movies. was halfway thru before i realized no one was an undercover cop. even tho another stereotype, would have made it interesting if it happened.
all i could think of while watching this movie was b-grade slop. many have spoken about it's redeeming quality is how this film portrays such a realistic representation of the effects of drugs and an individual and their subsequent spiral into a self perpetuation state of unfortunate events. yet really, the techniques used (as many have already mentioned) were overused and thus unconvincing and irrelevant to the film as a whole. as far as the plot is concerned, it was lacklustre, unimaginative, implausible and convoluted. you can read most other reports on this film and they will say pretty much the same as i would. granted some of the actors and actresses are attractive but when confronted with such boring action... looks can only carry a film so far. the action is poor and intermittent: a few punches thrown here and there, and a final gunfight towards the end. nothing really to write home about. as others have said, 'bad' movies are great to watch for the very reason that they are 'bad', you revel in that fact. this film, however, is a void. it's nothing. furthermore, if one is really in need of an educational movie to scare people away from drug use then i would seriously recommend any number of other movies out there that board such issues in a much more effective way. 'requiem for a dream', 'trainspotting', 'fear and loathing in las vegas' and 'candy' are just a few examples. though one should also check out some more lighthearted films on the same subject like 'go' (overall, both serious and funny) and 'halfbaked'. on a final note, the one possibly redeeming line in this movie, delivered by vinnie jones was stolen from 'lock, stock and two smokling barrels'. to think that a bit of that great movie has been tainted by 'loaded' is vile. overall, i strongly suggest that you save you money and your time by not seeing this movie.
if you look at corey large's information here on imdb, apparently there's a movie called "reload" in production (as of june '08) in which he's playing a character named sebastian cole. first of all, how does such a crappy movie ever earn a sequel ... and second, didn't sebastian get killed at the end of "loaded"? i watched this in the wee hours of the morning when i was battling insomnia, and so i was drifting in and out while it was on. i'm sure i missed some plot points, but overall, it seemed really weak. large's performance was (for me) one of the stronger parts of the film. i'm also a bit surprised at all the people commenting on the beautiful girls, since i thought the actress playing brooke was pretty, but not exceptional.
this film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, however the actors, director and editors seriously let this film down. i feel bad for the writers, it could have been good. the acting is wooden, very few of the characters are believable. who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. there are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying. i wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no, it left me feeling like i'd wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money.
this is one of the dumbest films, i've ever seen. it rips off nearly ever type of thriller and manages to make a mess of them all. there's not a single good line or character in the whole mess. if there was a plot, it was an afterthought and as far as acting goes, there's nothing good to say so ill say nothing. i honestly cant understand how this type of nonsense gets produced and actually released, does somebody somewhere not at some stage think, 'oh my god this really is a load of shite' and call it a day. its crap like this that has people downloading illegally, the trailer looks like a completely different film, at least if you have download it, you haven't wasted your time or money don't waste your time, this is painful.
6/10 acting, not great but some good acting. 4/10 director, makes some stupid decisions for this film. 2/10 writer, story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws. 4/10 overall score for this movie. don't waste your time with this film, it's not worth it. i gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much. characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens "storywise", not in good way. because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes (too many special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). it's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth but there's too many tracks in this one. in the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics
this is really a new low in entertainment. even though there are a lot worse movies out. in the gangster / drug scene genre it is hard to have a convincing storyline (this movies does not, i mean sebastians motives for example couldn't be more far fetched and worn out cliché.) then you would also need a setting of character relationships that is believable (this movie does not.) sure tristan is drawn away from his family but why was that again? what's the deal with his father again that he has to ask permission to go out at his age? interesting picture though to ask about the lack and need of rebellious behavior of kids in upper class family. but this movie does not go in this direction. even though there would be the potential judging by the random backflashes. wasn't he already down and out, why does he do it again? so there are some interesting questions brought up here for a solid socially critic drama (but then again, this movie is just not, because of focusing on "cool" production techniques and special effects an not giving the characters a moment to reflect and most of all forcing the story along the path where they want it to be and not paying attention to let the story breath and naturally evolve.) it wants to be a drama to not glorify abuse of substances and violence (would be political incorrect these days, wouldn't it?) but on the other hand it is nothing more then a cheap action movie (like there are so so many out there) with an average set of actors and a vinnie jones who is managing to not totally ruin what's left of his reputation by doing what he always does. so all in all i .. just ... can't recommend it. 1 for vinnie and 2 for the editing.
from the beginning of the movie, it gives the feeling the director is trying to portray something, what i mean to say that instead of the story dictating the style in which the movie should be made, he has gone in the opposite way, he had a type of move that he wanted to make, and wrote a story to suite it. and he has failed in it very badly. i guess he was trying to make a stylish movie. any way i think this movie is a total waste of time and effort. in the credit of the director, he knows the media that he is working with, what i am trying to say is i have seen worst movies than this. here at least the director knows to maintain the continuity in the movie. and the actors also have given a decent performance.
i basically skimmed through the movie but just enough to catch watch the plot was about. to tell you the truth it was kind of boring to me and at some spots it didn't make sense. the only reason i watched this movie in the first place was to see chace crawford!!! he is so hot, but in this movie his hair was kind of weird. but still hot. however, despite how hot chace is, it really did not make up for the film. i guess the plot isn't that bad but what really threw me over was the fact that they cuss in like every sentence. is it that hard to express your anger without saying the f word every time?the cussing was annoying and the whole flashy, camera shaking thing gave me a headache. all in all, although the plot was ok, i found the film to be a bore and over dramatic. that's why i only cut to scenes with chace in it. lol anyways, not worth renting unless your a die-hard fan of a specific cast member like i was. oh yeah the cast was hot. the girls were hot!!! but chace is the best!!
this fanciful horror flick has vincent price playing a mad magician that realizes his vocational talents have been sold to another. he devise ways of avenging all those that have wronged him. his master scheme seems to back fire on him. price is a little below par compared to his masterpieces, but is still the only reason to watch this thriller. supporting cast includes patrick o'neal, mary murphy, eva gabor and jay novello.
if i had not read pat barker's 'union street' before seeing this film, i would have liked it. unfortuntately this is not the case. it is actually my kind of film, it is well made, and in no way do i want to say otherwise, but as an adaptation, it fails from every angle. the harrowing novel about the reality of living in a northern england working-class area grabbed hold of my heartstrings and refused to let go for weeks after i had finished. i was put through tears, repulsion, shock, anger, sympathy and misery when reading about the women of union street. excellent. a novel that at times i felt i could not read any more of, but i novel i simply couldn't put down. depressing yes, but utterly gripping. the film. oh dear. hollywood took barker's truth and reality, and showered a layer of sweet icing sugar over the top of it. a beautiful film, an inspiring soundtrack, excellent performances, a tale of hope and romance...yes. an adaptation of 'union street'...no. the women of union street and their stories are condensed into fonda's character, their stories are touched on, but many are discarded. i accept that some of barker's tales are sensitive issues and are too horrific for mass viewing, and that a film with around 7 leading protagonists just isn't practical, but the content is not my main issue. the essence and the real gut of the novel is lost - darkness and rain, broken windows covered with cardboard, and the graphically described stench of poverty is replaced with sunshine, pretty houses, and a twinkling william's score. if you enjoyed the film for its positivity and hope in the face of 'reality', i advise that you hesitate to read the book without first preparing yourself for something more like 'schindler's list'...but without the happy ending.
i saw the capsule comment said "great acting." in my opinion, these are two great actors giving horrible performances, and with zero chemistry with one another, for a great director in his all-time worst effort. robert de niro has to be the most ingenious and insightful illiterate of all time. jane fonda's performance uncomfortably drifts all over the map as she clearly has no handle on this character, mostly because the character is so poorly written. molasses-like would be too swift an adjective for this film's excruciating pacing. although the film's intent is to be an uplifting story of curing illiteracy, watching it is a true "bummer." i give it 1 out of 10, truly one of the worst 20 movies for its budget level that i have ever seen.
robert deniro plays the most unbelievably intelligent illiterate of all time. this movie is so wasteful of talent, it is truly disgusting. the script is unbelievable. the dialog is unbelievable. jane fonda's character is a caricature of herself, and not a funny one. the movie moves at a snail's pace, is photographed in an ill-advised manner, and is insufferably preachy. it also plugs in every cliche in the book. swoozie kurtz is excellent in a supporting role, but so what? equally annoying is this new imdb rule of requiring ten lines for every review. when a movie is this worthless, it doesn't require ten lines of text to let other readers know that it is a waste of time and tape. avoid this movie.
story of a man who has unnatural feelings for a pig. starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy. a formal orchestra audience is turned into an insane, violent mob by the crazy chantings of it's singers. unfortunately it stays absurd the whole time with no general narrative eventually making it just too off putting. even those from the era should be turned off. the cryptic dialogue would make shakespeare seem easy to a third grader. on a technical level it's better than you might think with some good cinematography by future great vilmos zsigmond. future stars sally kirkland and frederic forrest can be seen briefly.
are you familiar with concept of children's artwork? while it is not the greatest picasso any three-year-old has ever accomplished with their fingers, you encourage them to do more. if painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason a parent should hold that back on a child. typically, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the groundwork of their future style. you will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. well, this concept of children's artwork is how i felt about fuqua's depressingly cheap and uncreative film bait. while on all accounts it was a horrid film, it was impressive to see fuqua's style begin emerging through even the messiest of moments. if you have seen either training day or king arthur, you will be impressed with the birth of this director in his second film bait. while foxx gives a horrid, unchained performance, there are certain scenes, which define fuqua and demonstrate his brilliance behind the camera. sadly it only emerged in the final thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus just on those scenes, you will see why fuqua's name appears on so many "best of " film lists. i will never disagree with someone that fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. his ability to place a camera in the strangest of places to convey the simplest of emotions is shocking. i am surprised that more of hollywood hasn't jumped aboard this bandwagon. even in the silly feature bait, you are witness to fuqua's greatness. two scenes that come directly to mind are the explosion scene near the middle of the film and the horse scene close to the end. in both of these scenes i saw the director fuqua at work. alas, in the rest of this film, all i saw was a combination of nearly every action film created. the likable hero down on his luck that suddenly finds his life turned around by some unknown force is a classic structure that just needs to die in hollywood. we have seen this two often, and no matter who you are (unless you are charlie kaufmann), you cannot recreate the wheel. it is just impossible with this genre, and it is proved with bait. i was annoyed with fuqua for just sitting back and allowing this to happen, which could explain why it took me three viewings to finish this film. i was just tired of the structure, and while i hoped that fuqua would redefine it, he did not. then, there was the acting. while jamie foxx has never impressed me as an actor, i was willing to give this helmed vehicle a try. i wanted to see if he could pull off another dramatic role similar to collateral. i was under the impression that perhaps this was the film chosen to show producers that foxx could handle the role in collateral. again, i was disappointed. foxx was annoying. not in the sense that it was the way that his character was to be, but in the sense that it felt as if neither fuqua nor foxx took the time to fully train foxx on what should be ad-libed and what should be used to further the plot. instead, we are downtrodden with scene over scene of foxx just trying to make the audience laugh. adding second long quips and culture statements just to keep his audience understanding that he was a comedian first, an actor second. fuqua should have stopped this immediately. foxx's jokes destroyed his character, which in turn left me with nothing solid to grasp ahold of. instead of character development, he would crack a joke. neither style worked, no joke was funny. the rest of the cast was average. by this i mean i have seen them all in similar roles. they were brining nothing new to the table, nothing solid to the story, and nothing substantial to the overall themes of the film. they were pawns filling in dead air space. fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only supports that accusation. overall, this was a sad film. with no creativity in sight and unmanaged actors just trying to upstage themselves, what originally started as a decent story eventually sunk faster into the cinematic quicksand. foxx was annoying, without character lines, and a complete bag of cheese. in each scene i saw no emotion, and when emotion was needed to convey a message, he chose to take his shirt off rather than tackle the issues. are my words harsh? i don't think so. when you watch any movie you want to see some creativity, some edible characters, and themes that seem to hit close to home. bait contained none of these. while i will give fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. apparently, i took the bait when renting this film, but now having seen it, hopefully i can stop others from taking that curious nibble. grade: ** out of ***** (for his two scenes that were fun to watch)
ah, bait. how do i hate thee? let me count the ways. 1. you try to be funny, but are corny and unenjoyable; every joke is predictable and expected, and when it comes, does not inspire laughter. instead, i want to hurl. 2. you try to be dramatic, but are unbelievable; the woman overacts to a terrible degree, and the "bad guy" looks like bill gates, and is about as scary as...well, bill gates. (just try to imagine bill gates trying to intimidate somebody with a gun. doesn't work, does it? a lawyer, maybe, but not a gun. doesn't fit.) as for jamie foxx, well, just watching him try to deliver a dramatic and heartfelt dialogue is ludicrous, and makes me want to hurl. 3. you try to be action-packed, but instead are dull and dragging too many times. and when the action heats up, the tripod for the camera must have been lost, for the scenes wobble more than those in the blair witch project, and i find myself nauseated, and once again i want to hurl. 4. you try to be a good movie, but you failed, you failed, you failed! i would rather walk barefoot across the sahara with a pack full of beef jerky and no water, no sunscreen, and only meryl streep for company. this hell would be lovelier than a single minute more spent watching everyone in bait overact their way through an idiotically written story with bill gates for a bad guy, and let's not even talk about the massive bomb that goes off in a car that jamie foxx's character has just driven off a cliff, but somehow manages to escape...just kill me now, or do the right thing and promise me that somehow i'll never have to watch a movie that is this bad, ever again.
the premise of the movie has been explained and if you've gotten this far you don't me to pretend that i'm a movie critic. with that being said my own opinion of the movie is quite low. i'm a fan of takashi miike but this goes down in the category of his not so great work along with doa 2 and 3, and some others (many). the movie seems to get a free pass because it is a takashi film and nothing takashi does can be wrong. this is a highschoolers approach to cinema. for the rest of us we'll find and hour and a half of a kid screaming for no real reason completely annoying (and yes, this does take away from the film), the pace of the film almost reaching levels of rigomortis, and the acting...well...hmmm. if one is a takashi fan you'll see it regardless to peak your interests. it lacks any originality (see the neverending story) or any character development from the lead character in the face of conflict other then a quite superficial one. as it has been pointed out this is the first film miike has been credited with co-writing, but that doesn't mean much as non of what we'd hope would be miike's personality would spill over into the screen. all we get are some of the token miike shots vis the director of photography. the movie had the potential to be something great. the premise is not a difficult one to run wild with. but this one seemed to have been run into the ground. my suggestion is if you're just getting into miike is go with some of the standards like gozu, ichi, and audition. then movie into his works like blue's harp, fudoh, rainy dog, bird people of china.
uninspired direction leaves a decent cast stranded in a handsome but bland adaptation, in which dialogue seems recited rather than heartfelt, and cash strapped appearances by the ghosts fail to round up any sense of awe or magic; edward woodward, as the ghost of christmas present, wobbles around on stilts and seems to be doing an impression of bernard cribbins. as scrooge, george c. scott is too wry, and he never seems to truly believe in it, which robs his performance of its effect. the scenes in which he's shown his past have as much impact as if he was half-heartedly flicking through his family album. no one else seems to be putting any effort in, except frank finlay, who chronically overacts.
i was sooooo excited to see this movie after finally reading the book this week. my 13 year old son was looking forward to it too. i rented it and snuggled down to enjoy a classic holiday story brought to life on screen. boy, was i disappointed. this movie veered off from the book more times than is forgivable. george c. scott is an excellent actor but in this, it seemed that he was fully into character only about 20% of the time. the rest of the time he was quite flat. i realize that this was made in '84, pre-cg effects, for the most part. but it looked to be very b-movie quality, especially the encounter with jacob marley. the biggest disappointment was the fact that they left out one of the most moving parts of the story: when the spirit of christmas present takes scrooge on the whirlwind tour of the world, observing people in the bleakest of circumstances still having the light and love of christmastime. i will admit that mr. scott did a good job with the "reformed" scrooge at the end. that was a refreshing portrayal. i wish that bob cratchit had been portrayed as a little more ragged and down-trodden. and tiny tim... oh don't even get me started on bad child actors...
having seen three other versions of the same film, i am afraid for me this is by far the weakest, primarily due to scott's rather dull and leaden performance. his emotions throughout are so bland it makes it difficult to engage in the film. alistair sim portrayed the role infinitely better. when scrooge was at his meanest, you don't get the sense scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly unconvincing. i cannot think of any actors in this film who match those from the alistair sim version. even the musical version (and frankly the muppets) take on this are better executed. very disappointing.
saw this movie in my english class this afternoon and was surprised by how bad this version was. don't get me wrong, george c. scott was terrific as scrooge, but the rest of the cast fails so very badly. sometimes i couldn't stop laughing at the stupid acting and the repeated line: "merry christmas to everyone!" other times i almost fell asleep. the movie is based on a charles dickens short story about a rich guy, who don't think christmas is nothing but humbug. after 30 minutes, the rich guy is visited by three ghosts, who persuade him to celebrate christmas after all. i can not understand how this movie, with a script so bad it must have been written in five minutes, can be so well-rated. instead of this piece of garbage, i recommend to you, the bill murray comedy scrooged. that at least, was funny...
when will the hurting stop? i never want to see another version of a christmas carol again. they keep on making movies with the same story, falling over each other in trying to make the movie better then the rest, but sadly fail to do so, as this is not a good story. moralistic, old-fashioned, conservative happy-thinking. as if people learn. the numerous different versions of this film prove that we don ́t.
it was 9:30 pm last night at my friend's camping trailer and we were so hyped to watch south park (a new episode). the thing is, in my country, south park airs at 10:30 pm and we decided to kill time by watching the show now airing, father of the pride. i'll start by saying that i have only watched to episodes. the first time i watched it, i found it unfunny and crude for nothing, so i thought ''holy sh*t, i have a football game early tomorrow, so i have to stop watching stupid cartoons''. but yesterday, i tried to give father of the pride a second chance. i find that it's a complete rip-off of the simpsons, only replacing yellow human characters by lions instead. the second thing is i wonder why it got it's tv-14 rating. i find the simpsons a lot more vulgar, and the only real vulgarity in this show is a few homosexual (unfunny) jokes. the simpsons is also a lot more violent (halloween specials) and crude. i also heard that the creator of the series has also directed shrek 2, well i've got news for him: shrek 2 was way better and i think he stayed too much in the family thematic. however, i must admit that father of the pride did make me smile (even burst out laughing once) three or four times. all in all, i don't mind father of the pride. i don't hate it, but i don't like either. i've seen way better from ''the simpsons''. 3.5/10
this is blatantly a futuristic adaptation of jules verne's "mysterious island". the sound editing is pretty bad. you hear the dialogue on set and you hear the voices being recorded on a recording booth at the same time! this is an amateur film with actors from boston and shot around new hampshire. for those living in new engalnd and who is reading this comment will be wowed with a capital w. this film is full of flaws. you get to hear the director's voice giving directions and giving out directions to the actress. "ok now stand up." as for the other characters. there is this guy who talks with his mind instead of his voice and this blue alien. the alien guy talks with a deep voice. when he is yawning or grunting when he is fighting you hear the actor's voice. as for the special effects, man! this was brett piper's early work for crying out loud! the creatures are good but the animation is jerky. really jerky. sort of like karl zeman animation in journey to beginning of time (1955). the special effects are imaginative. thge music is good. bottom line, this film makes equinox or planet of the dinosaurs look like a ray harryhausen epic. did you know mysterious planet was a home movie and was on a shoes string budget? a must watch for aspiring film makers.
beyond a shadow of a doubt mysterious planet is one of the worst movies ever made, yet retains an affection in my heart because the poverty of its special effects and astoundingly awful sound track in the first 15 minutes (and to be honest that's all you need to see) combine to create something that is hilariously side-splitting. the opening scene in 'space' is just about as unfathomable as cinematography gets, as washing-up liquid bottles whiz past your eyes to muffled dialogue. before you've had time to work out whether it's you who's gone mad, the credits roll and the action struggles to life. and aside from the double-headed plasticine giant snail that terrorises our heroes, you also get the added double bonus of having both the original actors voices and the dubbed voices at the same time. pure genius. the sad thing for fans of this kind of fare is that i've only ever seen one copy, so the chances of ever seeing it yourself is highly unlikely. perhaps i own the only copy in existence.
the silent one-panel cartoon henry comes to fleischer studios, billed as "the world's funniest human" in this dull little cartoon. betty, long past her prime, thanks to the production code, is running a pet shop and leaves henry in charge for far too long -- five minutes. a bore.
william russ is the main character throughout this made for tv movie. he left his family behind to only reappear and begin paying off his debts. but he tries to keep away from his family. thats where peter falk (colombo) comes in, playing several different roles, to convince him to come home. the story is average and they actually managed to get a former star (peter falk) and use him to a fairly nice degree. but william russ wasn't truly a star. however, it appears his acting is still ok. i found the delivery and story very cheesy in how everything was predictable. in fact, the last 20 minutes i could almost dictate word for word before it happened. a good movie should never be like that. overall, it was a sub-par movie. in a letter grading system, it would receive a "d".
from a poorly contrived plot line that makes almost no sense to bad dialogue and disjointed scenes to the ultimate downer, bad acting (even peter falk can't find his way) "finding john christmas" is better left lost. ms. bertinelli's performance is without depth or emotion as are her co-stars, william russ as brother hank and david cubitt as love interest noah. jennifer pisana as soccoro, the daughter of single dad noah is almost unbearable to watch let alone listen to singing. but who can blame them with material like this. michael j. murray's script is juvenile at best. each year at this time i search the tv guides and wait anxiously for some of the really classic christmas and inspirational holiday films to appear on the small screen. films like "miracle on 34th street", ernst lubitsch's delightful "the shop around the corner" and, of course the 1951 version of "scrooge". there's frank capra's classics "it's a wonderful life" and "meet john doe". hey, forget the classics. what about "home alone" or " home for the holidays" with holly hunter and a great performance by robert downey jr.? my present to you is by way of advice. your time would be better spent searching out these films than finding "finding john christmas". merry christmas!
in director sooraj barjatya's vivah,20-something delhi boy shahid kapur finds himself smitten by the demure, small-town girl his father has selected for him to marry. drawn to her innocence and simplicity, shahid agrees to the marriage barely moments after he's met her at her home in madhupur, and the young lady in question amrita rao seems equally floored by her charming suitor. the marriage is fixed for six months later, and the couple find themselves in the first throes of young, budding love, their geographical distance notwithstanding. but amrita, who's been raised by her uncle and her aunt after her parents' death, is struck by a horrible calamity just hours before the marriage. and then, it's up to shahid to play the honourable lover and to embrace her unconditionally.much in the same vein as hum aapke hain koun and hum saath saath hain, barjatya's new film vivah too is on one level a family drama with an extremely idealistic premise. but sadly, the plot of this new film comes off looking way too outdated, even more far-fetched than those regressive ekta kapoor soaps. and the problem is clear  you just can't relate to such squeaky-clean characters who don't have one bad bone in their bodies. there are many things that work in favour of and against hindi films, and timing is one such important factor. twenty-five years ago, perhaps the plot of vivah may not have felt like such a stretch, but today it just seems like the product of a mind stuck in a time warp. perhaps the film's only saving grace is the fact that it oozes sincerity from start to finish, you can make out right away that the filmmaker's intention is not to deceive. judging both by barjatya's previous films and by closely examining this new one you can safely declare that barjatya believes in a perfect world, he believes in his good-as-gold characters, he believes that large families can live together happily under the same roof without the slightest bumps.but alas, he's unable to translate his vision to the screen. it's difficult to overlook how one-dimensional his protagonists are  shahid and amrita, both virtuous and virginal  i mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands is an hour and twenty minutes into the film. barjatya may think he's returning to his maine pyar kiya roots with vivah, but truth is that the reason we embraced salman and bhagyashree in that film, or even salman and madhuri in hum aapke hain koun is because they had such fantastic chemistry. because although they were created out of the same mould as shahid and amrita in vivah, those pairs had mischief and masti. shahid and amrita are just insipid and boring.for a film that relies so heavily on music to narrate its story, the filmmaker chooses a string of 70s-style tunes that only further slacken the film's deadening pace. but if i had to choose just one reason to explain why vivah doesn't work for me, it's because i'm not sure i can relate to any of the characters who inhabit barjatya's story. to some perhaps, vivah will give hope, that a perfect world like this is actually out there somewhere. but i'm a little cynical i guess. so, give me the coquettish madhuri of hum aapke hain kaun, give me the bratty salman of maine pyar kiya, i'll even take that mischievous karisma kapoor of hum saath saath hain. but save me from these dullards. you know, some marriages aren't made in heaven. this one's vivah!
i never like to comment on a good film but when it comes to a bad movie, i gotta come really hard on it. talking about vivah, this guy, sooraj badjatya, seems to have completely lost it. after success of hum aapke hain kaun, he thought he can make money with cheesy wedding videos. vivah is so so cheesy that badjatyas have left johars and chopras behind. there was not a single moment during the movie where i can say 'oh! at least this thing is good'. aloknath does cliché in a role of girl's father, shahid kapoor looks fat and shahrukhed, amrita rao is another disaster in addition to ugly looking sets, bad costumes, hackneyed storyline, monstrous stepmother, trying-hard-to-act actors, cacophonous background music, cheap soundtracks. now the spoiler, i'm warning you guys that as happens in all his other movies, after a calamitous incidence movie ends on a happy note.
i won't say this movie was bad, but it wasn't good either. i expected something good but i guess hum aapke hain kaun was much better than this. this was completely old fashioned. at every stage of this movie, i hoped for some twist and what do i get? the girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. they are so darn shy even after so many meetings. i expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that. all she did was crib madly. hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. this movie is a dream. happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. in hahk anupam kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. and i somehow knew that mohnish behl would be in this movie. anyway i believe i wasted my time. i give it a 2/10.
a cinderella story made for adults who live in dreamland. the romance is very unrealistic, fluttery, lovey dovey, perfect etc. the cinderella plot till the very end and shahid kapoor is the only reason for my stars. if you're looking for a dreamy romance with a twist, this is definitely you're movie, but for the rest of us real world people, i'd highly recommend saving your three hour watch time. wake up people! four out of the five people that saw the film with me would not recommend the film. we had a great time bashing majority of the unrealistic scenes. maybe i'm missing something.. i just can't believe a movie like this can beat a classic like hddcs!!
after being hugely entertained by mr. brosnan's performance as a cad in "the tailor of panama" (which i rate 10/10 across the board: casting, acting, script, story, editing, pace, music, emotional impact, etc.), i enthusiastically anticipated this film. i was hugely disappointed. it is a script reading not a film, vulgar for the sake of being vulgar, bankrupt in every way that "the tailor of panama" is rich and satisfying. blame it on the screen writing and directing. i sat in the theater waiting for the "good part;" it never came. i neither laughed nor cried, although one line of dialog did make me smile. worth $7? hardly.
i very nearly walked out, but i'd paid my money, and my nearly-as-disgusted friend wanted to hold out. after the endearing, wide-eyed innocence of "a new hope" and the thrilling sophistication of "the empire strikes back," i remember awaiting "return of the jedi" with almost aching anticipation. but from the opening scene of this insultingly commercial sewage, i was bitterly disappointed, and enraged at lucas. he should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination undeniably proves that he doesn't have subatomic particle of shame in his cold, greedy heart. episode i would go on to reinforce this fact -- your honor, i call jarjar binks (but please issue barf bags to the members of the jury first). from the initial raising of the gate at jabba's lair, this "film" was nothing more than a two-plus-hour commercial for as many licensable, profit-making action figures as lucas could cram into it -- the pig-like guards, the hokey flesh-pigtailed flunky, that vile muppet-pet of jabba's, the new and recycled cabaret figures, the monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum. then there were the detestably cute and marketable ewoks. pile on top of that all of the rebel alliance aliens. fifteen seconds each on-screen (or less) and the kiddies just gotta have one for their collection. the blatant, exploitative financial baiting of children is nauseating. lucas didn't even bother to come up with a new plot -- he just exhumed the death star from "a new hope" and heaved in a boatload of cheap sentiment. what an appalling slap in the face to his fans. i can't shake the notion that lucas took a perverse pleasure in inflicting this dreck on his fans: "i've got these lemmings hooked so bad that i can crank out the worst piece of stinking, putrid garbage that i could dream up, and they'll flock to the theaters to scarf it up. plus, all the kiddies will whine and torture their parents until they buy the brats a complete collection of action figures of every single incidental undeveloped, cartoonish caricature that i stuffed in, and i get a cut from every single one. it'll make me even more obscenely rich." there may have been a paltry, partial handful of redeeming moments in this miserable rip-off. i seem to recall that harrison ford managed to just barely keep his nose above the surface of this cesspool. but whatever tiny few bright spots there may be are massively obliterated by the offensive commercialism that lucas so avariciously embraced in this total, absolute sell-out to profit.
the fine cast cannot uplift this routine tale of a secretary murdered by her married paramour. in fact there are more questions than answers in this one-sided tale of romance and murder; and since we are only provided with the prosecution's side, none of these questions will be answered. this is the type of fare that appeals to the "he woman, man hater" clubs of america. as presented, it is the tale of an innocent woman who just happens to be "caught up" in a romance with a married, high-profile attorney. is it possible that if, she had not been two timing her boy friend and having an affair with a married man, the whole nasty murderous, sordid incident could have been avoided? when you watch this, don't worry about going to the 'fridge, you won't miss anything.
this film was choppy, incoherent and contrived. it was also an extremely mean-spirited portrayal of women. i rented it because it was listed as a comedy (that's a stretch), and because the cover said andie mcdowell was acting up a storm in it. she wasn't. i'm a gal, i watched this film with two guys, and we spent an hour afterwards exclaiming over how bad it was. warning: plot summary below! rampant spoilers! the movie starts out with a fairly hackneyed plot about an older woman who takes up with a younger man, to the severe disapproval of her two jealous single girlfriends. they want her to marry a boring guy their own age who is kind of in love with her. but she's so happy with her oversexed puppy that you're rooting for them to stick it out, and sure enough, she decides to marry the guy. but her harpy girlfriend, aided by the wishy-washy one, sets up a plot to trick our heroine into thinking the guy is cheating on her. it works. she has a fight with him, he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (remember the movie's title?) so now he's dead, two-thirds of the way through the film. and although our heroine is a school headmistress who spends her time watching over girls, she apparently forgot to use birth control and is pregnant. she's already broken off relations with her girlfriends, because they were so unsupportive. alone and pitiful, she decides to marry the boring guy. did i mention that the boring guy who kind of loves her is a minister? she had asked him to marry her to the young guy (nice, huh?), but now she tells him she'll marry him, and apparently he has no objections to being dicked around in this fashion. but her girlfriends rescue her at the altar and take her home, where they not-quite-confess that they were mostly responsible for the love of her life getting smushed. she has the kid. in the final scene, they leave it in a crib inside her house while they go out on the porch to drink, smoke and be smug. i kid you not, it's that bad. i left out the part about the cancer red-herring and the harpy's ridiculous lesbian moment.
this film is a calculated attempt to cash in the success of sex in the city and four weddings and a funeral. in fact, if they'd called it sex at a funeral, they might have done better at the box office. but the film falls between two stools and can't get up. the characters spout improbably bright dialog, but never act in any way remotely recognizable as human. one arbitrary, senseless action follows another to advance what passes for a plot, and one soon tires of the falsity of the whole enterprise. andie macdowell gets points for acting her little heart out, but the performing honors are stolen by imelda staunton, as of all things, a police detective (don't they have a height requirement over there?). ms. staunton seems unable to make a false move. would that we could say the same about the writer-director. if notting hill annoyed you as being bogus, stay away from this one. phonus bolognus on the half-shell.
this had to be one of the worst films ever. when kate shows up and jed is with a bunch of guys and they all start clapping...so hollywood. another bad scene was when kate was running her hands over the pavement it appeared that she was examining the texture of the pavement. andie's acting is so bad in this film - i could not connect with them or feel there love for each other. the other 2 women however were very good and overshadowed andie. anyway this was such a campy movie. i usually like these type of films but i just couldn't get into this film. too many unlikely situations and again andie's acting didn't help the film. also, she is all gums. lancome must put her makeup on with a putty knife because she looks glamorous in the commericals.
this starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, and then it gets worse -=- spoiler alert =-= what with andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an english school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically unwatchable claptrap: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes blah blah blah. andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth. have mercy.
this was awful. andie macdowell is a terrible actress. so wooden she makes a rocking horse look like it could do a better job. but then remember that turn in four weddings, equally as excruciating. another film that portrays england as full of chocolate box cottages, and village greens. i mean that school, how many schools apart from maybe hogwarts look like that? the twee police station looked like the set from heartbeat ( a nauseating british series set in the 60s).this film just couldn't make its mind up what it wanted to be- a comedy or a serious examination of the undercurrents in women's friendships. if it had stuck to the former then the graveyard sex scenes and the highly stupid storming of the wedding might just have worked( i say just). but those scenes just didn't work with the tragedy in the second half. i also find it implausible that kate would ever speak to molly again after her terrible behaviour. a final note- what is a decent actress like staunton doing in this pile of poo? not to mention anna chancellor. macdowell should stick to advertising wrinkle cream.
caught this on ifc yesterday, and can't believe the positive reviews! am i the only one who thought these "ladies" were anything but? kate tells jed she could get fired because she's supposed to be a pillar of the community, but puts out for him! then they suddenly decide they're in love? and she's so devastated over his death, she doesn't go to his funeral, much less, tell his family the "good news"! by the way, how did an american get to be the headmistress of a very proper british school? janine should have been kicked off the force for her inexcusable abuse of power, but nothing happens! and she winds up boffing a con she brought in for questioning! and the less said about molly, the better! as for the guilt janine and molly feel over jed, please! it's the punk's own damn fault he got turned into roadkill! where's the guilt over poor gerald, who gets puked on? if only i could do the same to the bozos behind this "movie"!
i thought it was a new-york located movie: wrong! it's a little british countryside setting. i thought it was a comedy: wrong! it's a drama.... well, up to the last third, because after the story becomes totally "abracadabrantesque", the symbolic word for a french presidential mandate. it means, close to nonsense even it the motives would like to bring a sincere feeling. what do i have left? maybe, a good duo of actress: yes, i know, they are 3 friends, but the redhead policewoman is a bit invisible for me. the tall doctoress surprises by her punch, and mcdowell delivers a fine acting as usual, all in delicate, soft and almost mute attitude. this gentleness puzzles me, because as other fine artists or directors, the same pattern is repeating over and over. in her case, it's like, whatever the movie, it's always the same character defined by her feelings, her values, who lives infinite different stories. i still don't know how to set the limit (or the fusion) between the artists and the works. another positive side of this movie is its feminine touch & the interesting different points of view. the women have each their own way of living, even if they are all single. it brings a lot of tolerance and learning to witness how a same and unique reality can be perceived in as many ways as people. finally, the movie is quite viewable, but the great final cuts the desire of a next vision.
was this meant to be a comedy or a serious drama? this film starts with a light-hearted banter between three women. fine. it moves into a conflict between the women when one of them meets a man. fine. there are a few antics between them. fine. but when the plot thickens and finally becomes black i started to wonder whether i had misinterpreted the first part of the movie. it continues in this vein for a while until, in the end, it tries to go back to the original light-hearted banter. but by now it's too late. it's hard to see why these women would still be talking to one another and the finale is unconvincing. truly a lesson (for british filmmakers anyway) of how not to make films. difficult to see how the producers ever convinced themselves this film would work. and the box office proved it to be a real flop, because i'd never heard of this film until this weekend (four years after its release).
andie mcdowell is beautiful as the 40-ish woman whose late start at a serious relationship leads her to a considerably younger man and a subsequenet falling-out with 2 long-time best girldfriends. seeing a gigolo/gold-digger in the sincere young man, the "girl-friends", dead-set on terminating this "silly relationship", go over and beyond the call of duty in "helping out" their friend (who obviously is blinded by this gigolo's tricky game". a short succession of situations is absolutely ridiculous. far fetched no longer covers it. without these unbelievable scenes, there may have been hope for a sweet love story. instead, all the viewer is left with is an involuntary shaking of head -- these things just don't happen! without giving away cliff-hanger details, i warn the viewer of having high expectations for this film; most (like me) will be very disappointed. on a scale of 1 to 10, this one ranks a weak 4 with me. there is much better material out there. this one isn't worth your time.
spoiler: the young lover, jed, is kicked out by the spinster, kate (andie mcdowell), because she wrongly believes that jed is having an affair with one of her two catty girlfriends. kate thought she caught them en flagrante delicto. kate throws jed's shoes out the door. jed reluctantly leaves, and then sits in the middle of the road to put his shoes on. then he gets run over ("crushed", one of the meaning of the title) by a truck. and dies. "and then he gets run over by a truck." can you imagine a screenwriter actually submitting a script with this plot element? up to then, its a comedy that intends to be frothy, but lacks any real fizz. everybody but jed is just annoying. and then they kill jed, and everybody's sad, until the end where the gals learn to love one another and be supportive, instead of destructive. i give it 2 ugh's.
the worst thing about crush is not that it's acted pretty bad, or that the plot is virtually non-existent, and it's not even that bad that the camerawork could have been better. no, the worst part of this movie is that it has a few absolutely brilliant moments that keep you hoping that there are more to come. but in the end, it's too little, too late. if you are a fan of violin-music and cheap tearjerking scenes of 40+ women crying and hugging and talking about babies and marriage - then by all means, don't miss it. i myself am not exactly thrilled to see the things listed above in a movie, and as a result i had a pretty horrible time. the few absolutely brilliant jokes can not make up for the rest of it. the verdict: 4/10. guilty of wasting my time.
not a `woman film' but film for the gang. one of the worst films ever made by a male director about woman. director andy mckay simply doesn't know woman. peaks of bad taste, american pie's humor style, crude story, no sense, groundless story, refuted characters. vulgar fantasies came to life on screen. insulting and definitely not funny. i wonder how three good actresses accepted to take part in it.
as a single woman over 40, i found this film extremely insulting and demeaning to single women over 40, not to mention every other woman, of any age. it was a sad, pathetic attempt by a man to write and direct a "chick flick", and it failed miserably. andy mcdowell isn't much of an actress to begin with, but given the non-existent "plot" (i hate to even refer to it as a plot) in this, she didn't have a chance. there was no character development, no reason to feel sympathy/empathy for any of the characters, and no attempt to make the film in any way realistic or believable. and then there's the obligatory male-fantasy of an attractive straight woman suddenly deciding to give lesbianism a try -- please. not only do i wish i could get my money back for the dvd rental, i also want those 112 minutes of my life back. what a ripoff.
i was gifted with this movie as it had such a great premise, the friendship of three women bespoiled by one falling in love with a younger man. intriguing. not! i hasten to add. these women are all drawn in extreme caricature, not very supportive of one another and conspiring and contriving to bring each other down. anna chancellor and imelda staunton could do no wrong in my book prior to seeing this, but here they are handed a dismal script and told to balance the action between slapstick and screwball, which doesn't work too well when the women are all well known professionals in a very small town. and for intelligent women they spend a whole pile of time bemoaning the lack of men/sex/lust in their lives. i felt much more could have been made of it given a decent script and more tension, the lesbian sub-plot went nowhere and those smoking/drinking women (all 3 in their forties???) were very unrealistic - even in the baby scene - screw the baby, gimme a cigarette! right. like i said, a shame of a waste. 4 out of 10.
"the crush" is a pleasant enough 40-something friends romantic chick flick for the first two-thirds or so, as it tries to be a brit "sex and the city". i particularly enjoyed the turn-around of the trophy young hunk whose character is not much fleshed out (come to think of it we didn't see all that much physical flesh of him either and kenny doughty is worth seeing more of). they sure make a lot more deal of young man/older woman than was made of the opposite in either version of "sabrina" (neither movie do i like) or for that matter with the douglas/zeta-jones or dion/svengali nuptials. surrounding andie macdowell as an ex pat otherwise are welcome familiars from brit dramas and comedies, such as tart-tongued anna chancellor. the plot twists towards the end feel very deus ex machina. but it wasn't until the credits came up at the end that i realized what might really be wrong. just as with "sex and the city," the writer/director is male, here first-timer scot john mckay, and i think he really wanted to do a script about three gay men, probably about them coming out in relation to their lovers and at work (the characters are a school principal, a cop and a doctor), which would have been a better and more interesting movie. the working title for the film was "the sad f*cker's club" which would have made its parallels with the gay "broken hearts club" even more obvious. (originally written 4/6/2002)
it might have been a good movie if it had explored something more interesting rather than just the surface of a lesbian relationship if this was the meaning of the movie...it is quite predictable not mentioning that the two girls resemble the russian group t.a.t.u....coincidence? i don't think so. there is nothing original in this movie to support it so they had to use something which is already famous.you know the recipe. the other actors...well,i just don't know what their role is supposed to be. most of them are well - known people in romania and i must mention some of them are not even actors(e.g.mihaela radulescu).so to summarize it: "girl band tatty"+desperate/publicity needing "actors"+ a non-existing plot+ the occasion to use bad language in order to shock= love sick....too bad...the idea was good,though...and i am seriously holding myself from commenting the title...
***light spoiler alert*** the story sounds good and if you've read the novel, then you're probably expecting a deep and intense movie that could offer some insight for some interesting and insufficiently explored human relationships. true enough, the script tries to do that, the director tries to do that, but the main cast fails miserably. maria's acting is so dry that lacks any feeling whatsoever, her most intense moments seem almost comical. sometimes she seems to be nervous due to the camera. her only really feeling scene is near the end where she gets dumped by her girlfriend. ioana seems even more tense than maria and even worse, she doesn't seem natural at all. maria had the attitude, even if it was artificially pushed towards being obvious, but she had it and her character received some credibility. and to make matters worse, we don't have an insight on her: where does she come from, how come she got involved in the lesbian relationship, how did the relationship evolve? we only get some bits from her parents and their relationship just seems to 'be' there: it has a content and and end, but no beginning. just like her partner maria, she has only once scene that is truly touching, the scene where she dumps maria's character kiki. tudor is the only person in this movie (aside from the landlady, great acting there) who manages to prove some acting talent. he has his character's attitude and it fits him. only once or twice he seems to falter (the scene at his parents' meal, he tries to be obvious when it wasn't necessary at all). i love the story, tudor chirila is ok there, the landlady actually acts and puya delivers his couple of lines with style, but this doesn't save the movie. too bad, the entire setting had huge potential and the romanian cinematography could've used a movie on this theme. oddly enough, the incestuous relationship between brother and sister seems to have more credibility than the no-background no-feeling (well, maria's spoken interludes are a nice try in this direction) lesbian relationship of maria and ioana. i'm quite sorry for spending money on a ticket, i'd rather had watched it from the comfort of my room.
this is a movie that relies solely on the somewhat controversial image of incest and lesbianism to get noticed.that is it.the dialogs are pathetic and the sensuality of the "sex scenes" is absolutely absent.the acting and the dialog are more suited for high-school children,yet the subject is intended for adult audiences. it is a gutless and shallow movie.it could have been way better if it had a story and more drama. ah and on top of that, one more thing: why are inner monologues so excessively used? makes it seem so cheap.all in all an embarrassing movie for romanian cinema as well as for mature audiences attempting to view it.i know the means are scarce but, that is not always an excuse for a movie flopping as this one does.and please start using some good actors in your movies and stop recycling them from musicians (tudor chirila) - they can't act!
i am not so much like love sick as i image. finally the film express sexual relationship of alex, kik, sandu their triangle love were full of intenseness, frustration and jealous, at last, alex waked up and realized that they would not have result and future.ending up was sad. the director tudor giurgiu was in amc theatre on sunday 12:00pm on 08/10/06, with us watched the movie together. after the movie he told the audiences that the purposed to create this film which was to express the sexual relationships of romanian were kind of complicate. on my point of view sexual life is always complicated in everywhere, i don't feel any particular impression and effect from the movie. the love proceeding of alex and kiki, and kiki and her brother sandu were kind of next door neighborhood story. the two main reasons i don't like this movie are, firstly, the film didn't told us how they started to fall in love? sounds like after alex moved into the building which kiki was living, then two girls are fall in love. it doesn't make sense at all. how a girl would fall in love with another girl instead of a man. too much fragments, you need to image and connect those stories by your mind. secondly, the whole film didn't have a scene of alex and kik's sexual intercourse, that 's what i was waiting for . however, it still had some parts were deserved to recommend. the "ear piercing " part was kind of interesting. alex was willing to suffer the pain of ear piercing to appreciate kik's love. that was a touching scene which gave you a little idea of their love. also, the scene of they were lying in the soccer field, the conversation express their loves were truthful and passionate.
considering that this movie had a serious and quite successful launching campaign, i would have expected something to be worth the fuzz...from the opening scene on (in which the two brothers "sensually" caress each other, laying naked in a bed) it goes rapidly downwards...nothing to get the attention, not a mind-catching thing in the whole plot, baaad baad acting (a few minor exceptions, but artificiality is at its best). incest and lesbianism are promising themes, but the script analyses none of the two in depth ( mind that a possible excuse of the makers, saying that they aimed for a subtle movie would be hilarious, unless subtle and superficial mean the same thing...). the too curious viewers will not get any interesting scene...at this point, that could have saved some of the movie...so you can imagine how bad it is. many other things could be said...but please watch the movie yourselves...i am an egoist and i would like as many people as possible to waste about 1 1/2h of their lives...like i did :(
yes, indeed, it could have been a good movie. a love biangle, (sorry for the poetical license, but is not a triangle!) an interesting story, unfortunately badly told. the image is sometimes weird, sometimes ok, the picture looks crowded and narrow-sighted. the sound needs more attention (it usually does in romanian movies), the light and color filters are sometimes badly chosen. the soundtrack is short and is not helping the action. about the acting... sorry but the best actress is the landlady. the others are acting immaturely and cannot convince the viewer. the acting is poetical when it should be realistic, and realistic when it should be poetical. it's a picture for adults, told by the children. bother only if extremely curious.
closer to reality and containing more depth than "breakdance", stan lathan's "beat street" is still a pretty dull show. again this pic is really only cashing in on the 'breakin' craze but at least we get a little bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in queens, new york. each has their own unique talent. one is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer. lathan is unable to generate any real audience interest in the story though, and his young cast are likewise struggling with their characters. therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day. choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, but this alone is not enough to lift ""beat street" to greater heights. unfortunately the film really falls flat late on, after showing a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting. sunday, august 25, 1996 - video
hilariously obvious "drama" about a bunch of high school (i think) kids who enjoy non-stop hip-hop, break dancing, graffiti and trying to become a dj at the roxy--or something. to be totally honest i was so bored i forgot! even people who love the music agree this movie is terribly acted and--as a drama--failed dismally. we're supposed to find this kids likable and nice. i found them bland and boring. the one that i really hated was ramon. he does graffiti on subway trains and this is looked upon as great. excuse me? he's defacing public property that isn't his to begin with. also these "great" kids tap into the city's electricity so they can hold a big dance party at an abandoned building. uh huh. so we're supposed to find a bunch of law breakers lovable and fun. i could forgive all that if the music was good but i can't stand hip hop. the songs were--at best--mediocre and they were nonstop! they're always playing! it got to the point that i was fast-forwarding through the many endless music numbers. (cut out the music and you haver a 30 minute movie--maybe) there are a few imaginative numbers--the subway dance fight, a truly funny santa number and the climatic roxy show. if you love hip hop here's your movie. but it you're looking for good drama mixed in--forget it. also how did this get a pg rating? there's an incredible amount of swearing in this.
maybe you shouldn't compare, but wild style and style wars are original hip hop. beat street does have a lot of the original artists of early hip hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for some it was and that's nice. but if you view this as original hip hop culture you're wrong. it's overproduced and has a hollywood sauce. rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. they have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving. this is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are dreadful, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of hip hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic hip hop artists appeared, like krs one, public enemy, ultramagnetic mc's, jungle brothers, bizmarkie to name a few), and i still don't like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it doesn't work for me. i mean, wild style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. of course tastes differ and that's alright. but as far as i'm concerned, this movie is trash except for the break dancing and some of the music and so i can't rate it higher than a 4 out of ten.
i could never stand watching happy days after chachi joined the cast, so i knew i was in trouble when the best scene in this movie featured scott baio (a skateboard chase scene!). jodie foster in her first "grown-up" role turns in her usual professional performance but that is no excuse for this boring mess. two hours out of my life that i'll never get back! no noteworthy characters, unbelievable storyline, questionable editing and horrendous cinematography but worst of all, i couldn't have cared less. the story of california teens in the 1970's, where the kids live miserable lives and all their parents are idiots. don't waste your time watching this ugly excuse for a movie.
horrible film with bits of the ramones strewn about. your worse than average 1970's/80's comedy format of the cool kids taking over the school with some whimsical plan. this movie is terrible. the plot consists of a girl who enjoys the ramones and a school bent on fighting against their oppressive administration. forget this movie and watch something like wild zero starring guitar wolf if you want an entertaining b movie. terrible acting, terrible writing, terrible plot with the stamp of approval of the ramones who probably needed some money quick so they said yes to this movie. that is the only logical thing i can think of because this movie blows.
this movie is a 90 minute ramones concert with brief periods of stupidity and absolute boredom. what kind of high school is this anyway? unless you are a major ramones fan, do not and i repeat do not waste your time like i did. this is utterly unwatchable from start to finish. this movie should be called ramone fever. everyone appears to like them in this movie. there is not a plot to be found in this flick. as far as teen comedies go, you are scraping the bottom of the barrel with this one.
i gave this film 2 stars only because dominic monaghan actually put effort through in his acting. everything else about this film is extremely amateur. everything associated with the direction of this film was very poorly executed. not only should the director rethink what she is doing for a life career but maybe she should watch a few films. as dominic monaghan is a very credible actor, placing him in a film of this caliber makes him look awful. whomever the "actor" was that played jack's best friend should never have stepped in front of the camera. i didn't expect much from such a small film, but perhaps a little more time and effort should be put into the characters and their surroundings. don't waste your time or money on this film (like i did) you will be sorely disappointed.
i jumped at the chance to view this movie uncut and uninterrupted, remembering rahs and raves for it. but wherever it seemed about to slip into being truly scary, it backed off and went somewhere else. the dripping water throughout the house, the black rain, the prophetic dreams, taking the wrong turn in raw sewage were dropped before they could work up to a scream. what a disappointment. chamberlain's nearly expressionless mask of a face offered little but confused disbelief, something i found myself mirroring as the film wore on. what could have been eerie aboriginal chanting and instruments in the background were instead a cacophony seemingly designed to beat terror into one's head. the ideas that modern people can embody ancient gods, that the aboriginal peoples believe red-haired white men were the first priests, and many other possibilities are passed along more like a shopping list than a hint at another dimension (the dream time). [spoiler] in the final scene, it wasn't clear to me what the director was trying to tell. is there a big wave? so what? how big? a tsunami? yeah, okay. that's devastating but not apocalyptic. is it the end of the world? from a wave? the last wave? that'd have to be a pretty darn big wave. why? was the world that bad a place? it didn't seem so awful in this movie. actually i didn't think the wave came off, since the shadow left burton's face that had been cast by the wave. was it only burton's apocalypse? heck, that happens every day to people who lose it. it wasn't of any interest if it was only him. the most frightening scene, and the one that gives the best indication of weir's potential, was in charlie's apartment where burton has gone to confront the old man for scaring burton's wife. charlie keeps asking him "who are you?" and it becomes truly disturbing after a while. unfortunately, the movie never followed suit.
the perfect murder is foiled when a wife(played by mary ellen trainor, once the wife to director robert zemeckis, who helmed this episode), who murders her husband with a poker, has the misfortune of receiving a visitor as she is about to move the body outside..an escaped insane madman dressed in a santa claus suit(played by a deviously hideous larry drake). she fends for her life while trying to find a way of hiding her husband's corpse. she decides to use an ax, once she downs the santa killer who misses several chances to chop off the woman's head, to frame the killer for her husband's murder. santa killer locks her in a closet and pursues the woman's daughter as she tries desperate to free herself to save the child. this episode of tales from the crypt just recycles tired material involving the old "santa kills" theme while also adding the oft-used(add nauseum)woman-murders-her-husband-for-a-man-she's-been-cheating-with routine. it's essentially trainor trying to find a way to avoid being caught with a dead body she kills while also keeping a safe distance from a maniac. there's nothing refreshing or new about this plot which pretty much goes through the motions. not one of the show's highlights.
well, as goethe once said, there really isn't any point in trying to pass a negative judgement that aspires to be objective on "something that has had a great effect". "la maman et la putain" has surely passed into history as an influence on much of what's been done in france and elsewhere in the past thirty years and no one interested in the history of film, certainly, should be dissuaded from watching it. to express a purely subjective judgement, however, i feel compelled to disagree with almost every other review posted here and say to people: "don't watch it; it's a waste of hours of your time that will just leave you feeling rather sick and angry." and by that i don't mean "sick and angry" about "the human condition" or anything so general and profound as that, because that is exactly the line that most critics have adopted in their fulsome praise of the film - "an ordeal to watch in its ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty" and so on - and, if it really managed to put across a universally or even broadly relevant message of this sort, then the director would have good reason to be satisfied with himself, however pessimistic his conclusions may be. my beef with the film is rather that i don't see this hours-long record of empty vanity and petty treachery as being justified or excused by any generally relevant message at all. all three main characters are deeply morally unattractive individuals: alexandre to the greatest degree, of course, because we see by far the most of him and because he seldom shuts up for more than thirty seconds; marie perhaps to the least degree, because we see the least of her. alexandre's affected and pretentious monologues have a kind of amusement value, of course, but the amusement wears thin as one comes more and more clearly to realize that jean-pierre léaud is most likely not even acting and that, with absurd remarks like "un homme beau comme un film de nicholas ray", he really was just reproducing word-for-word opinions that were accepted as authentic and profound by the milieu in which he, along with the director eustache, had been living for about ten years by the time of the making of the film. i suppose if the tone of relentless superficiality and triviality had been sustained throughout 100% of the film, it might have worked as a long sardonic comedy about a particularly shallow, worthless and despicable post-'68 milieu. what made, however, this viewer at least extremely angry with the director was his granting of at least one lengthy scene each to alexandre and veronika in which we are clearly expected to empathize with and feel for them as if they shared a moral universe with us. if a man can get away with living in the flat of and professing to love one woman, sleeping (mostly in this very flat) with another, and running around paris proposing marriage to yet a third, well, i suppose i can wish him the best of luck in the dog-eat-dog world he's chosen to create for himself. what i can't, however, in all conscience do is listen even for a moment to maudlin monologues from him in which he speaks about his "anxiety" and his "despair". the same goes double for the even more despicable veronika, whom we are shown barging drunk into the apartment and even the bed shared by marie and alexandre and behaving there with an infantile inconsistency tantamount to the most savage and heartless cruelty. as i say, if "la maman et la putain" is intended to be nothing more nor other than a portrait of alexandre, veronika and marie, three individuals whom any even halfway decent person would never admit into their company let alone their home, then i suppose there is a kind of legitimacy in praising the director for being "unflinching" (though why one should even feel like "flinching" once one had consciously opted to create such thoroughly repellent characters to filmically observe i can't imagine). the problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and appears to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that alexander, veronika and marie are somehow representative of human beings in general and of the limits of human beings' emotional capabilities. this latter idea, however, is arrant and offensive nonsense. there may indeed be an inherent fallibility and tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and sexual relations in particular. but the nature and degree of this fallibility and tendency to tragedy can only possibly be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make such relations work. it surely needs no cinematic or authorial genius to convey to us the information that a man who behaves like alexandre is going to end up hated, miserable, and alone, or that women who insist on expecting love from a man like alexandre are going to end up disappointed and bitter. watch "la maman et la putain" if you're historically interested in what passed for culture and human interaction in a certain post-'68 parisian milieu which was probably, unfortunately, not restricted to just a few particularly anti-social types like these. but please don't make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has any general relevance for humanity in the way that a film by jean renoir or martin scorsese might be argued to have.
that's not the sound of bees, that's the effect induced by watching this extremely long, extremely boring, badly acted movie. how i ever made it through all 3 1/2 hours without falling asleep i'll never know. the plot is simple...3 thoroughly unlikable morons talk about sex for 3 1/2 hours. and you thought rohmer was deadly. this is even worse, if that's possible. > i must really be a masochist if i could watch this entire movie without turning it off...or killing someone.
iberia is nice to see on tv. but why see this in silver screen? lot of dance and music. if you like classical music or modern dance this could be your date movie. but otherwise one and half hour is just too long time. if you like to see skillful dancing in silver screen it's better to see bollywood movie. they know how to combine breath taking dancing to long movie. director carlos saura knows how to shoot dancing from old experience. and time to time it's look really good. but when the movie is one and hour it should be at least most of time interesting. there are many kind of art not everything is bigger then life and this film is not too big.
that reviewers liked this movie surprises me. the plot is a muddle. the characters are wooden. michael bowen spends most of the film spying on the other characters and misjudging all of them. no one has any redeeming quality or point-of-interest. this is not an edgy work. it is not imaginative. it is not ironic. it is no clever. there is nothing straight forward about this tedious work. that is missed theatrical release is not surprise. that the "this network" airs it diminishes that venue. i definitely recommend turning to a rerun of the garden smart show on pbs or even a good informational if you encountered this mess on late night television. if you encounter it on daytime television, take a long walk. even if you walk in smog, you will feel better not having suffered through this shambles. life is short. this movie is long.
this is a terrible movie, terrible script, bad direction and nonsensical ending. also, bad performances, except from clancy brown who is criminally underused here, and michael pollard. watching this movie was purgatory--you do it to unload enough bad movie karma to actually see a good one further down the line. the movie presents a father and son who look like they couldn't every possibly have been related. the part of the male lead is not well written and seems uncharismatic in this role. you can see the plot points a mile away. the actions of the female lead and that of her brother, the cop, also make no sense. so, a major action on her part at the end of the movie makes no sense script-wise.
burt kennedy used to be a very good director, but you'd never know it by this lumbering mess. not only does this film look cheap, it is cheap--most of the battle scenes are lifted from the far superior "the last command" from 1955, and that footage, shot 32 years previously, looks more contemporary than anything in this picture. the few action scenes that were actually shot for this movie are disorganized, confused and incompetent, looking just as shoddy as the rest of the picture. this has the look and feel of a bad student film (and the budget didn't seem to be a whole lot more). it moves like molasses, the acting for the most part is either over-the-top ham or under-the-top comatose--although raul julia comes off better than most of the rest of the cast--and it's chock full of annoying historical inaccuracies. on top of that, it's way too long. if you're going to make a boring film, do it in an hour or so and get it over with--don't stretch it out over three hours, like this one does. if you want to see a good movie about the alamo, check out john wayne's 1960 version, or even the 1955 film from which this movie stole its action scenes. hard to believe it took six producers to make a movie this lousy. skip it.
while being a great james arness western, this film has gone down as the worst alamo film ever made. the story was terrible, inaccuracy all through it, and just downright untruths to boot! continuity was cast to the four winds. anybody catch the cannon sequence? the mexicans were dumb enough to fire cannons that obviously had mud and ramrods still sticking out of the tubes. come on! then there is brian keith's ridiculous hat! costumer must of been away or something. or just out of their mind!
this movie is flawed on many fronts. like many before it, it portrays more of the mythology of the alamo than the history. the production is poor, overall giving the impression of a welfare project for lots of actors who might have otherwise had to work on hollywood squares. this to me was the greatest flaw - i know the ages and general personalities of the real alamo protagonists and the geriatric ensemble of tv actors chosen to portray them never let any hint of believability intrude. as a native texan, i grew up with the mythology. i later learned more about the history. i can accept a decent production from either perspective (although i prefer more historical accuracy), but this never gave me a chance to enjoy it. even john wayne's or fess parker's versions had more life than this stolid mess, while being only slightly less accurate. very disappointing - avoid it.
slow and riddled with inaccuracy. over-looking its flaws this is still an interesting account of the famed and heroic siege of the alamo during the texas fight for independence from mexico. james arness as jim bowie. brian keith as davy crockett. alec baldwin as col. travis. raul julia as general santa anna. this made-for-tv project also stars david ogden stiers, kathleen york and jim metzler. very good original music by peter bernstein.
this film, the alamo:thirteen days to glory, is utter rubbish. the acting is awful, it is far too patriotic and its historical accuracy is not always at its best (historians would have a field day). it does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long. rating * out of **********.
the story by norman maclean is a masterwork; redford's film is a mediocrity. he adds banal scenes of the maclean brothers going over a falls and of them double-dating in a seedy bar that were not even hinted at in the story. the cipher, brad pitt, trying to play the charismatic paul maclean, a genius outdoors, proves either risible or depressing, depending on what the original story meant to you. some of the fly casting scenes are beautiful. also, tom skerritt as the father and craig sheffer as norman are strong and masculine, as men were once expected to be. none of the women make an impression in the film, which is regrettable, because maclean loved the women in his story and made this clear, even poetic.
the only good part about this film is the beautiful scenery. this movie was long and boring. the minister should have retired from the pulpit the time his son paul strayed from the teachings he proclaimed. how many times can his boys take the lord's name in vain in this film being from a presbyterian background? it doesn't fit. i wished paul was swept down the river without a boat at the very beginning to spare us the silly, smirkish, selfish story of paul (brad pitt). so norm becomes a teacher and paul becomes a compulsive gambler who norm wants to rescue but doesn't-so what. it's very uninteresting. we see the prejudiced whites being stood up to by paul because of his native american girl. that was the only part that had some interest and maybe could have been developed into a real 'wild western'. what we only see is a sleepy town where the two minister's sons have nothing to do but 1. norm chase a lame girlfriend and deal with her family and 2.paul make up dumb stories at the newspaper shop while scratching his head and take a lot of swigs and tie a lot of flies. i'd rather watch a show about fishing that that film again-which will be never.
... to not live in montana and especially not to live there at the end of the 19th century. "a river runs through it" certainly is a well made movie from a cineastic stand-point. great landscapes, redford acting well. unfortunately, the story is bad (if there is a story at all). i felt sorry for the narrator / author, who is as dry, narrow-minded a character as his father, a preacher. being driven, not driving his own life, he is left to watch his brother, who is also caged in the small town environment, losing his life. the author never even comes close to undestand his brother's motivations, but at least realizes, that he is lacking the slightest amount of homour / fun. all there is, is fly-fishing, where he follows even as an old man the style of his father. the end is not surprising, it is forseeable from the very beginning. definitely not a must-see (3 / 10)
i always felt that a good film should have a plot. this particular film was missing one, and i feel that it would have been more effective with a plot. this was made even worse by the fact that it seemed to go on forever; i was anxious for it to finally end. however, i just noticed that it was only 123 minutes long; it felt like four hours. not only was there no plot but the film also lacked a notable conflict. it's not the worst movie i've seen, but i used to say that it was until i saw "the fast and the furious". so, don't think this review of mine is from someone who needs nothing but action. i actually hate most action films out today; it's just that this film is all the way on the other side of the spectrum. not much really happens in this movie. however, the scenery and costumes were nice.
this movie has beautiful scenery. unfortunately it has no plot. in order to have a plot there must be a conflict. this movie had none. it spent two hours painting a beautiful scene and failed to ever place any activity in it. the picture tries to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling. if you love montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just don't expect a story. there isn't one.
this movie has beautiful scenery. unfortunately it has no plot. in order to have a plot there must be a conflict. this movie had none. it spent two hours painting a beautifule scene and failed to ever place any activity in it. the picture trys to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling. if you love montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just don't expect a story. there isn't one.
sorry, gave it a 1, which is the rating i give to movies on which i walk out or fall asleep. in this case i fell asleep 10 minutes from the end, really, really bored and not caring at all about what happened next.
i didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this misrepresentation of canadian history, particularly the disservice done to the history of the mounted police in the yukon. i'll leave it to pierre berton, noted historian, born and raised in dawson city yukon, and author of the definitive history of the klondike gold rush, klondike: the last great gold rush, 1896-1899 to express my exasperation with this silly movie: the american idea of an untamed frontier, subdued by individual heroes armed with six-guns, was continued in the far country, another story about a cowboy from the american west - wyoming this time - driving his herd of beef cattle into gold country. the picture is a nightmare of geographical impossibilities, but the real incongruity is the major assumption on which the plot turns  that there was only one mounted policeman in all of the canadian yukon at the time of the gold rush and that he could not deal with the lawlessness. when james stewart and walter brennan reach the yukon border with their cattle, the customs shack is empty. "where is the constable? asks brennan. "up on the pelly river. trouble with the chilkats," someone replies. he's got a real tough job, that constable. he patrols some ten or twenty thousand square miles. sometimes he don't get home for two or three months at a time." the historical truth is that the yukon territory during the gold rush was the closest thing to a police state british north america has ever seen. the northwest mounted police was stationed in the territory in considerable numbers long before the klondike strike. they controlled every route into the yukon and they brooked no nonsense. they collected customs duties, often over the wails of the new arrivals, made arbitrary laws on the spot about river navigation, and turned men back if they didn't have enough supplies, or if they simply looked bad. in true canadian fashion, they laid down moral laws for the community. in dawson the lord's day act was strictly observed; it was a crime punishable by a fine to cut your wood on sunday; and plump young women were arrested for what the stern-faced police called "giving a risqué performance in the theatre," generally nothing more than dancing suggestively on the stage in overly revealing tights. in such a community, a gunbelt was unthinkable. one notorious bad man from tombstone who tried to pack a weapon on his hip was personally disarmed by a young constable, who had just ejected him from a saloon for the heinous crime of talking too loudly. the bad man left like a lamb but protested when the policeman, upon discovering he was carrying a gun told him to hand it over. "no man has yet taken a gun away from me," said the american. "well, i'm taking it", the constable said mildly and did so, without further resistance. so many revolvers were confiscated in dawson that they were auctioned off by the police for as little as a dollar and purchased as souvenirs to keep on the mantelpiece. in 1898, the big year of the stampede, there wasn't a serious crime  let alone a murder  in dawson. the contrast with skagway on the american side, which was a lawless town run by soapy smith, the denver confidence man, was remarkable. but in the far country dawson is seen as a community without any law, which a soapy smith character from skagway  he is called gannon in the picture  can easily control. (in real life, one of smith's men who tried to cross the border had all his equipment confiscated and was frogmarched right back again by a mounted police sergeant). {in the movie the lone mountie says} "yes i'm the law. i represent the law in the yukon territory. about fifty thousand square miles of it." "then why aren't there more of you?" "because yesterday this was a wilderness. we didn't expect you to pour in by the thousands. now that you're here, we'll protect you." "when?" "there'll be a post established here in dawson early in may." "what happens between now and may? you going to be here to keep order?" "part of the time." "what about the rest of the time?" "pick yourselves a good man. swear him in. have him act as marshal " the movie mountie leaves and does not appear again in the picture. his astonishing suggestion  that an american town marshal, complete with tin star, be sworn in by a group of townspeople living under british jurisprudence  is accepted. naturally they want to make jimmy stewart the marshal; he clearly fits the part. but stewart is playing the role of the loner who looks after number one and so another man is elected to get shot. and he does. others get shot. even walter brennan gets shot. stewart finally comes to the reluctant conclusion that he must end all the shooting with some shooting of his own. he pins on the tin star and he and the bully, gannon, blast away at each other in the inevitable western climax. to anybody with a passing knowledge of the canadian north, this bald re-telling of the story passes rational belief. excerpt from hollywood's canada, by pierre berton, 1975.
the five or so really good westerns that mann made are unequaled as an ensemble in hollywood. even john ford never made that many with so much quality. the curious thing about them all is how uneven they are. ford's my darling clementine is worth about two and a half of any of them. or at least two. the real hero of them besides mann and stewart is chase. chase being responsible for the brilliant red river. chase wrote far country, bend of the river, and probably some others. but none of them are as finished as my darling clementine, but then very few films, western or otherwise are. each of the five films of mann have huge gaps, or is it six, lets see. bend, far, man of the west, furies, winchester 73, and yep, six, naked spur. each have magnificent scene after magnificent scene, with fairly glaring lapses. yet so does red river, which is still the single greatest western ever made. so perfection isn't everything. but the far country has huge, huge holes. it's mawkish, and really comes alive only when stewart and mc entire are locking horns. the rest is pretty pedestrian, with the usual exception of mann's camera. mann's camera is a one man course in cinematography. it is about as good an eye as anybody who ever got behind a strip of moving film. it is almost never in the wrong place, never. the far country has one amazing moment. and as usual it comes from stewart. nobody in the history of cinema ever received physical punishment with the authority of that man. he is absolutely amazing: look at him in bend, far, winchester, and man from laramie: in bend has been beaten up and is hanging by a thread so believably and with such boiling hatred he looks like somebody displaced from dachau, in far he is shot off a raft with such violence, it looks so convincing that you wince, and of course when he is dragged through the fire in man, well you find yourself looking for the burn marks. what an actor. not to mention the moment in winchester when he is beaten up early in the hotel room, also as well as anybody ever did it. but that was mann's territory: look at gary cooper fighting with jack lord in man of the west. as painful as any fight scene ever recorded. cooper while not being quite as convincing as stewart, nevertheless is somehow his equal in looking exhausted at the end of the fight. in short, nobody but nobody but nobody ever showed the human being in extremis as well as mann. what a great, great director. see every western he ever made. they are his real monuments, even if all are scetchy. but so what. when he gets roaring with his great scenes they are as good as anybody, including ford. and his six westerns as an ensemble are the best ever done by anyone, period. thanks, anthony.
mann photographs the alberta rocky mountains in a superb fashion, and jimmy stewart and walter brennan give enjoyable performances as they always seem to do. but come on hollywood - a mountie telling the people of dawson city, yukon to elect themselves a marshal (yes a marshal!) and to enforce the law themselves, then gunfighters battling it out on the streets for control of the town? nothing even remotely resembling that happened on the canadian side of the border during the klondike gold rush. mr. mann and company appear to have mistaken dawson city for deadwood, the canadian north for the american wild west. canadian viewers be prepared for a reefer madness type of enjoyable howl with this ludicrous plot, or, to shake your head in disgust.
this is an action western. james steart leads an all star cast in the scenic northwest, which is filmed in great splendor. the scenery and costumes are great. there is action and adventure. stewart plays a wealthy cattleman who runs afoul of a crooked government in the old nothwest. the main drawback is the stereotypical cynic that hollywood has always made into a hero. even when this movie was made, the cynic was the stereotypical hero, and the one stewart portrays really has few saving graces. he is kind to his two partners, and that does give him an extra dimension of credibility and likability. however, he is so piggish to everyone else, it is hard to really care for him, or to accept him. he is much like the one dimensional spaghetti western characters (cut not that bad). still, the minor characters are quite enjoyable. walter brennan, royal dano, harry morgan, and others make this worth watching.
this is the worst sequel on the face of the world of movies. once again it doesn't make since. the killer still kills for fun. but this time he is killing people that are making a movie about what happened in the first movie. which means that it is the stupidest movie ever. don't watch this. if you value the one precious hour during this movie then don't watch it. you'll want to ask the director and the person beside you what made him make it. because it just doesn't combine the original makes of horror, action, and crime. don't let your children watch this. teenager, young child or young adult, this movie has that sorta impact upon people.
ah, channel 5 of local mexican t.v. everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. it was "return to cabin by the lake" the movie that aired yesterday. i regret for watching it. the original "cabin by the lake" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted. the problem is that this sequel is horrible, not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original. ugh. the plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word. the movie at some points looks like a soap-opera because of it's absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction. my advice is : avoid this one at all costs. it's a movie that it shouldn't be watched by anyone. not even for lovers of mediocre film-making. you have been warned.
preposterous sequel stretches credibility to a great degree as diabolical sociopath stanley kaldwell returns this time infiltrating the movie production of the novel he wrote for the garden drownings, assuming the identity of a second unit director he murdered. film pokes gleeful fun at hollywood, with a tongue-in-cheek script taking shots at tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses(..looking for a way up the ladder)and dislike anyone challenging them for complete spotlight. brian krause, who i thought was dreadful, overacting to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced, portrays the loud, temperamental director who doesn't like the fact that his second unit director and screenplay writer, alison(..played by dahlia salem)seem to be taking over the production. andrew moxham is paul parsons, who is the brother of a victim from the first film. the film's dark humor this time takes the idea of a serial killer actually operating as director of a movie set and exploits it for all it's worth. nelson again ably slides back into his psycho role without any difficulty, with stanley as clever as ever, using his brains to commandeer a film production, killing whoever he has to in order to maintain full control of his work, letting no one stand in his way..that is until alison realizes who stanley really is. alison is the type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject..what motivated stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing, and what led such a man down this dark path? the humor of alison actually working with that very man is also part of the satire at the heart of this dark comedy thriller. of course, you get the inevitable showdown between alison and stanley, with a really ridiculous, unbelievable conclusion regarding the killer's fate(..quite a hard pill to swallow). unlike the first film, which was photographed with sophisticated polish, director po-chih leong uses unnecessary techniques which are not needed(..such as shooting an all kinds of weird angles, slow-motion in a sepia color, and several instances which are captured on video)and rather annoy instead of impress. this sequel, to me, just wasn't on target as much as the original, with a lot of the humor less effective and more obvious.
return to cabin by the lake just.... was lacking. it must have had a very low budget because a fair amount of the movie must have been filmed with a regular video camera. so, within the same scene - you'll have some movie-quality camera shots and simple video camera shots. it makes for a very odd blend! i think they should have found some way to not do the "home video" type effect! i think it's worthwhile to see it if you have seen the original cbtl because then you can compare and see the differences. but if you haven't seen the original cbtl.... you'll never want to see it if you see this one first! it will probably seem way too cheesy and turn you off from even caring about the original one.
this movie was made-for-tv, so taking that into account, i'm not going to rip into it as hard as i would a feature film. the script is sub-par, but it does succeed in being mildly humorous in spots, whether it means to be or not. the acting is mostly over-the-top, but that is true for many lower-budget movies. the aspect of this movie that i really hated, though, was that 90-95% of it is shot on film, but in random places, there will be 5-10 seconds where the footage is shot on video. you can tell because there is less contrast, the colors are less vivid, and the footage is clearly 30 frames per second instead of film's 24 frames per second. i'm not sure if maybe these scenes had to be shot later and at that time they didn't have the money to shoot on film (i assume this is why, anyway), but it is disorienting and really makes the film look shoddier than it had to look. anyway, i've definitely seen worse movies, but i definitely wouldn't say that i enjoyed this movie and i can't recommend that anyone see it.
if you are planning to see this movie, please reconsider. i don't usually post my comments about something i've seen on television, but this one was such a waste of my life that i needed to do something productive to get that bad taste out of my mouth. critiquing this movie would take far too long as there are so many things wrong with it. i will just simply say, please do not ever see this movie. it was a complete waste of my time and it will be a waste of yours. anyone that wrote a positive review of this movie is one of two things; utterly inept, or working for the company that produced it. again, i guarantee that you will indeed regret seeing this movie!
i saw this on the sci-fi channel. it came on right after the first one. for some reason this movie kept me interested. i don't know why, stop asking. ---spoilers--- okay... it was cheesy how this guy got involved with the making of the movie. in the first movie, he had a "reason" to kill people, but in this sequal, half of the killings/attempted killings were basicly for no reason. stanley killed the director due to creative differences, he captured the co-writer due to creative differences, but what was the deal with trying to kill off the cast? no cast, no movie. he wanted it to "look real when they died"? if this was supposed to be such a high budget movie, use the special effects, man. of course like the first one, the captured girl gets away, and stanley ends up getting messed up, and dissapears. woooooow (sarcasm). this movie had potential. and the saddest thing of all... the really sad part... i would watch a "cabin by the lake 3". only because i like judd nelson, and he's the only good part about this sequal.
i watched cabin by the lake this afternoon on usa. considering this movie was made for tv is was interesting enough to watch the sequel. so, i tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely disappointed. i knew i wouldn't like the movie, but i was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of dv (digital video). the movie would have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. i expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be no logical explanation. (warning: the following maybe a spoiler!!!!) the open ending in cabin by the lake was acceptable, but the open ending on the sequel is ridiculous. i can only foresee return of return to the cabin by the lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.
*possible spoiler* 'return to cabin by the lake' is a useless movie. the acting was not good and the plot wasn't even remotely interesting. 'cabin by the lake' is a good tv movie. the sequel was not. judd nelson was very good in the first film and put a whole lot more into his character than in this. it seemed as if he wasn't even interested in doing the sequel. his acting was good but it could have been better. i really don't want to comment on the rest of the cast because in my opinion, they're not even worth mentioning. but i'll do it. the character of alison isn't even hardly shown in the first part of the film. all of a sudden she's the center of attention next to stanley caldwell. the role didn't make sense and it should have been thought out a little better. dahlia salem was absolutely terrible. her acting was way below decent and the casting people should have looked for somebody else, anybody else. the director, mike, was a confusing character. he seemed to have a purpose for being there but it didn't seem like his death was necessary. the acting for this role was good, nothing great but better than salem's. the plot was real lousy if you think about it. stanley, who is presumed dead, makes his way onto the set of 'cabin by the lake', the movie based on his script. he stumbles upon the director and in a short time, the director is dead and stanley is running the show. yeah, out of nowhere the crew is just going to let this stranger come into the picture and finish the film not knowing anything about him. there's some killings, not a whole lot, and the one's that are shown are ridiculous. one of the actresses on the set gets electrocuted while filming a scene. another character gets chewed up by a motorboat. and one gets tangled up in a plant before drowning. these writers must have been hard up for excitement. i just have to say that i was not impressed with the filming of the movie. the way that it kept changing from looking low budget back to normal started to become irritating very fast. also, the new cabin by the lake was poorly created. we aren't shown it but only in a few scenes, and the whole thing with the chain in the basement was useless. it worked in the first film only because we were shown the room a lot more, but it didn't work in this one. there were too many characters in this sequel. all of them except for a few had no reason to be there. the acting of what little is showed was really bad and...they just didn't have a purpose in this movie. all in all, 'return to cabin by the lake' is a sequel picking up from where the first left off. 'cabin by the lake' i can take but this was just not impressive. judd nelson should have avoided this one and so should you. it's nothing like the first and it went entirely too slow. nothing happened in the first hour and it continued to drag on for the second. not to mention that the writing was horrible. put this on only if you need some help getting to sleep. so, we see that stanley defies death and is still alive and well. by the way he talks, it sounds like there could be a possible third installment to a movie good just by itself. quit throwing in sequels and we may be alright! (did the film makers not realize that they showed us how they filmed the lake scenes from the first one? they were all done in a tank. never, never reveal the secrets of filming.)
a decent sequel, but does not pack the punch of the original. a murderous screenwriter(judd nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel cabin by the lake. still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. any humor is not of the funny kind. total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times nelson is way over the top. this movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should have happened to this script.
return to cabin by the lake does not, in any way, stand up to the original. with only one main character (stanley) returning for the sequal, the film is not even worth the 2 hours of your time. i am a huge fan of the first film, the story line and acting was really good, but this is one movie that i will never again watch. it is basically equal to what the sequals to urban legends and blair witch were like, but with much worse acting. i've personally seen better acting in soap operas, it is so pitiful that you just have to laugh. i, in no way, recommend this movie to anyone, watching it will just detract from the first.
i thought hedy burress (who managed to escape from the watery grave of part one) was going to be in part 2 guess not. i just think they should of killed her off like in friday the 13th part 2 (you know what i mean). this movie like scream 3, and urban legend 2 followed movies within a movie. this was pure crap! the whole movie within a movie crap. bad stay away!
viewers gushing over everything including the title sequence (now that is funny) would have us believe this is some sort of cinematic miracle, but, trust me folks, this is one of the most embarrassingly bad films you could ever see, and if you're not laughing at it five minutes in, i'd say you've lost your sense of humor. david niven plays a doomed and bravado-besotted raf pilot who somehow thinks it appropriate to engage an impressionable (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love, just as he's plunging to his certain and fiery death. (isn't it romantic...) of course, he's spared by a quirk of metaphysical chance, and washes up on the beach, just as this same air traffic controller is riding by on her bicycle. (they immediately clinch). looking past the bizarre homo-erotic subtexts, (so over the top you really need to refer to them as supertexts, from a naked boy sitting bare-butted in the sand playing the movie's twilight-zone-esquire theme on his little flute, to a celestial courier so campy/queen-y his makeup is caked on more thoroughly than the ladies'), the most bizarre aspects of the movie are how it weaves such bad caricatures of national and racial stereotypes into a convoluted attempt to argue some kind of point about the universal nature and power of love. we get it--fly boys like girls in skirts and heels, and girls like 'em back, and, apparently, all you have to do is cry a little to make it noble enough for your movie to get 10 stars on imdb... as for the quality of the production, the continuity/editing is poor enough to induce cringing, and the lighting is, perhaps, even worse than that, but you hardly have time to notice because the script is so bad. there are games played with technicolor, (whatever passes for heaven is in black and white if you can figure out the sense in that), and foreshadowing, (so funny my fellow audience member who usually like movies like this actually cheered and laughed when then the doc's motorcycle finally ended up in a fiery wreck), and freeze-motion, (which is funniest of all because the female lead is so poor at standing still you know the stage hands were guffawing off camera). the best shots are the early ones on the beach, but, after that, it's all downhill. the (moving like an escalator is moving) staircase is hardly the odessa steps, to say the least, and i'd really caution anyone from feeling like they'd have to see this lame attempt at movie-making on their account. the movie overall is bad enough to be funny, and that's about the best thing i can say for it.
i saw this movie recently because a friend brought it with him from nyc. after 30 minutes, i said to him," you've got to be kidding. is this some sort of joke?" he thought it was good. i told him that i thought it was probably one of the silliest movies ever made. "what was it supposed to be?" i asked. "a propaganda movie made for children?" the plot is stupid. the acting is the worst ever for most of the principals and frankly people who look at this sort of tripe and think it has anything to do with life, love or even afterlife, of which it offers an incredibly idiotic view...need some psychiatric help. please, if someone tries to get you to stick this in your dvd or video player, consider it like you would a virus introduced into your computer...it won't destroy your player but it will destroy your evening. if they had made razzies in the '40s, this would have won in every category. (ps. it also goes under the dubious sobriquet of "stairway to heaven.")
despite a decent first season this series never came close to realizing its potential. set as a prequel to the original "star trek" series it was doomed almost from the start by an executive producer, rick berman, who felt compelled to artificially limit and constrict the definition of what a "star trek" series could be (which made this futuristic show increasingly anachronistic from a dramatic standpoint). the actual show-runner, brannon braga, didn't help matters by his uninspired and tired rehashing of previous trek episodes and careless disregard of the franchise's internal mythology (it was painfully obvious early on that he was in it only for the paycheck). never have i seen a series' that so consistently did a disservice to a cast of talented actors (jolene blaylock excepted)last so long. it is as if this entire series was produced in bubble existing outside the contemporary television landscape where the audience (even a trekker audience) is more demanding and sophisticated in their dramatic wants and desires. unfortunately it appears as if berman and braga have succeeded in convincing the higher ups at paramount that "enterprise" suffered from "franchise fatigue" and that its core audience was did not walk away but was driven off. produce a quality offering that lives up to the high ideals and standards of its predecessors and they (the audience) will come. simply put, in a teevee universe where we are given shows like "battlestar: galactica" and "the shield" the powers-that-be must give the viewing public a "star trek" that measures up and is dramatically competitive. it is just that straightforward and easy.
anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be embarrassed by this series. the borg does not come around until q brings the enterprise to the gamma sector, the klingons are never seen until kirk encounters them, the ncc-1701 was the first ship to carry the enterprise name....need i go on? berman and pilliar have made a mockery of gene roddenberry's creation. after he died, they only saw $$$$ and just went their own way. no wonder majel barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. i don't blame her for not being involved with this mess. poor bakula. he's a great actor, as are the entire cast. i like them all, but the storyline is tragic and ignores all of the precedents set by the original series. just check the ratings. i think more people watched deep space 9 (which was untimely canceled).
okay first of all, i didn't sit down to watch the premier of a "star trek" series to see a cowboy flying around in space. this is how a normal enterprise episode works 1 archer finds a nebula or something aloung the lines of that and wants to take a closer look but it might destroy the ship. 2 he sends a shuttle into the nebula and and the shuttle get damaged... in all of the episodes i have seen, all of the problems are happening because of archer's stupid mistakes. oh and did you see the preview of one episode showing archer and t'pol kissing?!?!?!?!?!?!? i was planning to watch that episode but after that i totally gave up on enterprise and turned to tv right off. come on!!!! this is star trek!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! also what was with the banana slug?? in one episode, hoshi had a banana slug but had to leave it behind for some stupid reason. okay fine, little dumb to bring you pet slug in space but whatever. okay that was what i thought until they left it on a desert planet!!!!! a banana slug cannot leave in a desert!!!!!!!!!!!! how dumb are these writers any ways, just saying if enterprise is on don't watch it!!!!!
while it's early to say how the series will evolve, i can say that the pilot was less than i thought it would be. there is still potential for the series, however. of course when i first saw voyager i thought it had potential, too - but was sorely disappointed. my gut tells me enterprise won't be as bad as voyager, however. as for the impressions of the pilot... the pilot had some good ideas and good themes. i liked the introduction. the show's opening credits were interesting, with the progress of exploration and a fitting theme song. scott bakula is excellent in the role of captain. where it fell short for me was largely that the story lacked the "feel" of setting out on a grand adventure. the plot of the episode itself was more a "generic" trek story with the themes of "exploration" and "first step towards space" merely subplot and subtext. were you to edit out the references to this being the first deep space mission, the plot would be hard to differentiate between the eras of enterprise, tos or tng. the central plot didn't reflect or do justice to the grand theme of the series. the plot of launching the first mission would have been grand enough without the "action". instead of isolated references to the newness of exploration, they could have been the story. get a little more nostalgic and philosophical about it (oh, for a tv show that once again would make us think). make us feel the excitement of "the wind" and being on "the sea" instead of distracting us with a rescue and a plethora of gunplay. there was way too much gunplay. we had the feeling more that humans were the "freshmen" in an established school. new kids on the block, as opposed to venturing into a largely unknown universe. sadly, the klingons landed on our doorstep instead of us finding them. that meeting could have been far more historic and far more sociological. just how do two such different societies interact? don't just hint about it, show it! i had to think of it more as `trek with an akward crew and limited technology' as opposed to `the first brave steps into the unknown'. i wanted to see something newer and fresher. the series promises to have a new concept but so far i haven't seen this new, great concept. i will conclude with reiterating the sentiment that the series has potential. there are some interesting characters. bakula is wonderful. blalock has potential. the overall theme is the most interesting since we first saw kirk in a world before apollo 11. if only future episodes can do justice to this grand and wonderful theme, we will have a show which will create new legends. you shoot an arrow into the air... good luck capt. archer. to the producers: take more risks and make us *think*! :-)
i'm not a huge star trek fan, but i was looking forward to this. i was intrigued by the pre-hype descriptions of the enterprise, its cramped-submarine styling and rough-edged technology compared to the treks we are used to. i didn't see anything all that interesting in this pilot. i found the plot to be convoluted and confusing. i will admit that i did like some of the character development - the depictions of the humans as an 'adolescent' species ready to outgrow their britches was entertaining. and that vulcan babe had one hell of an incredible rack. but i don't think i'm going to get hooked on this series. 3/10
the earlier part of the film was rather enjoyable but towards the end it became trite. although turturro is an actor i generally like, his luzhin often resembled a bad rain man impression and the portrayal of the genius as a semi-autistic man was annoying. overall it seems as if this film is trying to hard and ends up looking pompous in spite of mostly fine performances.
a movie that attempts to be far smarter than its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot "surprises" at a desperate attempt to kep the audience guessing, offcourse puncturing the "plot" with steamy scenes they thought would help it along. james belushi is involved in this pseudo-intellectual attempt and just sleep walks through the movie. the same applies for the other "actors". the plot is quite silly and tacky. whih in itelf is not such a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists get very tiresome and boring. however, the movie does manage to generate some interest in the middle. in all worth a lazy watch on a really boring day, but don't fret if you miss this one. a rather lame 4!
if you can imagine mickey mouse as a new york street pimp, or john wayne as a communist spy, then you might believe pat boone as a juvenile delinquent on his uncle's farm in kentucky and you could conceivably enjoy this movie. this film is so stupid that it isn't even campy for a mid 1950s sexless love story. and the problem is that hollywood made such a big deal about pat boone's refusal to kiss a woman not his wife on screen before its release that the audience knows he won't kiss shirley jones so you cannot build any anticipation for the "screen consummation" of their love. it's sort of like watching a western in which the cowboys don't have guns. the story is pointless. even the title song is sung with pained enthusiasm. april love belongs in the worst film bargain bin along with ishtar and plan 9 from outer space.
i really wanted to like this western, being a fan of the genre and a fan of "buffalo bill," "wild bill hickok," and "calamity jane," all of whom are in this story! add to the mix gary cooper as the lead actor, and it sounded great. the trouble was.....it wasn't. i found myself looking at my watch just 40 minutes into this, being bored to death. jean arthur's character was somewhat annoying and james ellison just did not look like nor act like "buffalo bill." cooper wasn't at his best, either, sounding too wooden. this was several years before he hit his prime as an actor. in a nutshell, his western shot blanks. head up the pass and watch another oater because most of 'em were far better than this one.
i have always admired susan sarandon for her integrity and honesty in her private life as well as her talents as an actor. i therefor found it strange that she would appear in a film that so distorted that facts. her character's rescue from the south pole was done by a canadian charter company from edmonton, alberta flying a canadian designed and built twin otter aircraft. the trip had been turned down by the us airforce, navy and coast guard as beyond their capabilities. the same company staged a similar rescue a few years later to bring out a man from the south pole base. i feel that the film fairly represented a very gripping subject and documented a very courageous woman facing a frightening task. i fail to see why the producers would find it necessary ignore the bravery of the rescue pilots and show the rescue plane as a usaf hercules.
warning spoilers following. superb recreation of the base in antarctica where the real events of the film took place. other than that, libelous!, scandalous! filmed in canada; presumably by a largely canadian crew and cast. i caught the last half of this film recently on global television here in canada. nothing much to say other than how thoroughly appalled i was at what a blatant piece of american historical revisionist propaganda it is; and starring susan sarandon of all people! i can only assume that canadian born director roger spottiswoode was coerced to make the usaf the heroes of the film when in fact the real rescuers where a small private airline based in calgary; kenn borek air.
ok first of all the video looks like it was filmed in the 80s i was shocked to find out it was released in 2001. secondly the plot was all over the place, right off the bat the story is confusing. had there been some brief prologue or introduction the story would've been better. also i appreciate fantasy but this film was too much. it was bizarre and badly filmed. the scenes did not flow smoothly and the characters were odd. it was hard to follow and maybe it was the translation but it was even hard to understand. i love chinese epic films but if you're looking for a chinese epic fantasy film i would recommend the promise (visually stunning, the plot is interesting and good character development) not this film. beware you will be disappointed.
zu warriors most definitely should've been an animated series because as a movie it's like watching an old anime on acid.the movie just starts out of nowhere and people just fly around fighting with metal wings and other stupid weapons until this princess sacrifices herself for her lover on a cloud or something.whether this princess is a god or an angel is beyond me but soon enough this flying wind bad guy comes in and kills her while the guy with the razor wings fights some other mystical god /demon/wizard thing.the plot line is either not there or extremely hard to follow you need to be insanely intelligent to get this movie.the plot soon follows this chinese mortal who is called upon by this god to fight the evil flying,princess killing bad guy and soon we have a very badly choreographed uwe boll like fight scene complete with terrible martial arts on a mountain or something.even the visuals are weird some might say they are stunning and colorful but i'm going to say they are blurry and acid trip like (yes that's a word!).i watched it both dubbed and with subtitles and both were equally bad and hard to understand....who am i kidding i didn't understand it at all.it felt like i was watching episode 30 of some 1980's anime and completely missed how the story began or like i started reading a comic series of 5 at number 4 because i had no clue how this thing started where it was going or how it would end i was lost the entire time.i can honestly say this was one of the worst film experiences ever it was like watching inu-yasha at episode 134 drunk...yeah that's right you don't know what the hell is going on.don't waste your brain trying to figure this out.
this is not so much film as big budget children's television. as far as i can tell, the villain is a giant swarm of chocolate covered espresso beans. this theory seems to be verified by the fact that the subtitles refer to it as 'insomnia'. when it's first mentioned that a civilization had been wiped out by insomnia, i thought "wow! a nihilistic martial arts film!" but no such luck. although you have to consider it experimental cinema when the villain is strangled by an old man's long, white eyebrows. zu warriors makes exactly the same amount of sense whether the subtitles are on or off. that's not a good sign. i found the special effects to be somewhere between ray harryhausen and xena: warrior princess. primitive.
watched this on dvd in original language with english subs. either the subtitling was very poor or the actual dialog doesn't make much of story and give any character development. there are quite a few hk stars in this but the movie doesn't need their presence to make it better or worse. it's just bad. the bright and colorful scenes done in cg are attractive for the sheer colors and brilliance but it can get overwhelming before long. if anything this makes me think of a child's movie with its nonstop barrage of cg, fight scenes, and crap plot. i'm certain i grasped what took place in the film but the whole delivery of the story was rather lousy.
"spielberg loves the smell of sentiment in the morning. but sentiment at the expense of narrative honesty? nobody should love that." - lucius shepard "the color purple" takes place in the deep south during the early 1900s, and tells the story of celie and nettie, two african american sisters. the film opens with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers, an idyllic haven which is promptly shattered by the appearance of their stepfather. this motif  innocence interrupted by men  permeates the entire film. the film then launches into a series of short sequences. celie is revealed to have been twice impregnated by her stepfather, gives birth in a dirty barn, has her newborn child taken away and is forced to marry a local widow named albert johnson, a violent oaf who rapes her repeatedly, forcing her to cook, clean and look after his children. all these horrific scenes are given little screen time, and are instead surrounded by moments of pixie-dust cinematography, a meddlesome symphonic score, incongruous comedy and overly exuberant camera work. the cumulative effect is like the merging of a disney cartoon and a rape movie, a jarring aesthetic which caused stanley kubrick to remark that "the color purple" made him so nauseated that he had to turn it off after ten minutes. ten minutes? he lasted a long time. the film is often said to deal which "racism", "sexism" and "black culture", but this is not true. alice walker, the author of the novel upon which the film is based, claims to be a bisexual but is actually a closet lesbian. her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story of female liberation and self-discovery, which paints men as violent brutes who stymie women. for walker, the only way out of this maze is for women to bond together in a kind of lesbian utopia, black sisterhood and female independence celebrated. spielberg's film, however, re-frames walker's story through the lens of comforting american mythologies. this is a film in which the salvific power of christianity overcomes the natural cruelty of men. a film in which albert finds himself in various ridiculous situations, moments of misplaced comedy inserted to make him look like a bumbling fool. a film in which all the characters are derived from racist minstrel shows, the cast comprised of lecherous men (always beaming with devilish smiles and toothy grins), stereotypical fat mammies, jazz bands and gospel choirs. this is a film in which black people are naturally childlike, readily and happily accepting their social conditions. a film in which black people are over-sexed, carnal sensualists dominated by violent passions. a film in which poverty and class issues are entirely invisible (albert lives in a huge house) and black men are completely inept. this is not the old south, this is the old south as derived from "gone with the wind", mgm muscals, "song of the south", warner cartoons, "halleluha!" and banned disney movies. in other words, it's the south as seen by a child raised on 50s tv. it's all so cartoonish, so racist in the way it reduces these human beings to one dimensional ethnic stereotypes, that black novelist ishmael reed famously likened it to a nazi conspiracy. of course, in typical spielberg fashion the film ends with family bonds being healed. this reconciliation was in walker's novel, but spielberg goes further by having every character in the story reconcile with their kin. beyond walker's hate letter to black men and spielberg's bizarre caricaturing of black life, we are shown nothing of the black community. we have only the vaguest ideas as to how any of these characters make a living and no insight into how they interact with others in their community. instead, spielberg's camera jumps about, desperately fighting for our attention (one of celie's kitchen contraptions seems like it belongs in a "home alone" movie), every emotion over played, the director never stopping to just observe something or to allow a little bit of life to simply pass by. couple this with quincy jones' ridiculously "white" music, and you have one of the strangest films in cinema history: an angry feminist tract filmed by a white jew in the style of disney and griffith, scored by a black man trying to emulate john williams. problematic too is the lack of white characters. consider this: the men in this film aren't portrayed as being rough to each other, nor do they dominate women because they are brutalised by a racist society which reduces their manhood. no, they are cruel by nature. and the women, whether quietly suffering like celie or rebellious and tough like her sister, persevere and survive only because the men are too stupid to destroy them. a better film would not have focused solely on the oppression of women as it occurs among the oppressed, rather, it would have shown that it is societal abuse which has led to spousal abuse, that enslaved black women are forced to perform the very same tasks as their male counterparts (whilst still fulfilling traditional female roles) and that african american domestic violence occurs largely because of economic factors, women unable to support themselves and their children alone. and so there's a hidden ideology at work here. late in the film one character tells another that since he didn't respect his wife, she wound up getting severely beaten and imprisoned by whites. the implication is that blacks need to return to their african roots to restore their own dignity and that it is their fault that whites unjustly crush them. ie- respect one another in your poor minority community and you won't run afoul of the dominant white culture. 3/10 - a failure to confront sex and lesbianism, inappropriate musical numbers, countless sequence loaded with extraneous visual pizazz, incongruous comic business, emphatic music cues, and wildly hyped emotionality, all contribute to rendering "the color purple" worthless.
you may consider a couple of facts in the discussion to be spoilers. i'm sorry, but spielberg didn't deserve to win any oscar for this piece, and i think the academy was right in that vote. (other oscars for best actor nominations and such... that i don't know about. but it would be hard to justify, given what they were told to do and what you see in the final product.) the way spielberg directs this is so contrived, so meddlesome. while watching this movie a distinction made during a film as art course i have taken was screaming at me: "sentiment is honest emotion honestly rendered. sentimentality is sugary and unreal, a false view of life." this is over-the-top sentimentality. when in real life to two people ever begin to read out loud in synchronicity, as celie and shug avery do when sitting on the bed going over the letters from nettie they have found? there are examples of this type of faux behavior throughout the film: all the men crowding around miss millie's car and then jumping in unison like a flock of birds taking off when she goes to drive away; harpo falling through the roofs of various buildings he's working on (a cheap slapstick gag); the whole troop of revelers heading from the jook joint en masse to the chapel, as if magically entranced by the choir's singing... on and on. nothing rings true. i even wondered if harpo's name was chosen purposefully because it's his wife sophia's real name, "oprah," backwards. spielberg isn't above such "cuteness." it's not that spielberg is incapable of honestly rendered action and emotion. schindler's list was amazing, deeply touching for me, and i greatly admire saving private ryan too for its realism, even if the story is a bit contrived.
this is really terrible. the only redeeming feature about this movie is that the next time people ask me what is the worst vampire movie i have ever watched, i would have a suitable reply. i think it is filmed on 35 mm so it is already tacky like hell. i wouldn't have bothered commenting but i noticed some fanboys (probably connected to the movie) had claimed that this was the best movie since the matrix. let me debunk the myths and lies. there is nothing good in the movie. everything yells tacky. the actress is ugly. the fight choreography is the worst i have ever seen. the fight scenes are unbelievably amateurish. imagine a girl flailing her arms around in a circle helplessly and delivering weak kicks which wouldn't hurt a kitten. obviously, the director just pulled people off the street to give them roles in the movie. i know the director did not have much budget for the movie but still better movies have been made on smaller budget before. unforgivable.
dude, really!!!! where have you guys been the past 20 years, this is shocking in all kind of ways, horror ? this is a joke, there is nothing wrong with being low budget, but this is a laugh, if you want to look at the classics, freaks of tod browning, the victims of dracula and frankenstein, the undying monster, ernest thesiger, paul wegener's the golem and the passengers of the ghost train, you can't compare it, it gives it a bad name, bad acting, bad screenplay etc. total waist of money and free time, have watched a lot of movies, were as horror is my all time favorite, i really am speechless, have nothing more to say that please don't do the effort to watch something so daft, please understand
well, you know the rest! this has to be the worst movie i've seen in a long long time. i can only imagine that stephanie beaham had some bills to pay when taking on this role. the lead role is played by (to me) a complete unknown and i would imagine disappeared right back into obscurity right after this turkey. bruce lee led the martial arts charge in the early 70's and since then fight scenes have to be either martial arts based or at least brutal if using street fighting techniques. this movie uses fast cuts to show off the martial arts, however, even this can't disguise the fact that the lady doesn't know how to throw a punch. an average 8 year old boy would take her apart on this showing. sorry, the only mystery on show here is how this didn't win the golden raspberry for its year.
i'm in iraq right now doing a job that gives plenty of time for watching movies. we also have access to plenty of pirated movies, this gem came along with 11 other movies, and this is easily the worst i've seen in a long time. i've seen a few other reviews that claim this movie doesn't take itself too seriously, but really, i think that's a cover up for the fact that its horrible. it's not tongue in cheek, the writers really thought they were improving on the movie blade. this movie is just one notch above vampire assassin, which if you haven't seen, i recommend. at least that movie is so unbelievably bad that you'll laugh harder than you thought possible. this is right at that cusp of no redeeming qualities what so ever. from the bad acting, to cliché visual (ie opening credits), to the adobe premier special effects. they couldn't even get blanks for the guns, which may have to do with where the movie was filmed, but if you're going to use effects, make them close to accurate. as for the cast, it seems like they just went to a tae bo class and picked up the first not to ugly chick that walked out. once again, like ron hall in vampire assassin, don't let stunt folk act, they can't. also, the comment about this being a "return of old vampire movies"...no, it's not. this is exactly what all new vampire movies are about. buffy the vampire slayer, blade, underworld, they're all about some super star fighting the vampires. this is the newest vampire genre, with bad blood, fake screams, and cheesy over acting. obviously anyone who wrote a good review about this is somehow connected to the movie, or friends of the cast. but what do i care, i paid 33 cents for it. anyway, to wrap this up, someone in their first semester of film school decided to make a movie, i give them credit because it's better than i could do. of course i also know i can't make movies so i don't try. i do know how to watch movies though. i work 12 hour nights, 6 days a week, i've seen several thousand in the year i've been out here and this was so bad that half way through i was hoping for a mortar attack.
"valentine" is another horror movie to add to the stalk and slash movie list (think "halloween", "friday the 13th", "scream", and "i know what you did last summer"). it certainly isn't as good as those movies that i have listed about, but it's better than most of the ripoffs that came out after the first "friday the 13th" film. one of those films was the 1981 canadian made "my bloody valentine", which i hated alot. "valentine" is a better film than that one, but it's not saying much. the plot: a nerdy young boy is teased and pranked by a couple of his classmates at the beginning of the film. then the film moves years later when those classmates are all grown up, then they're picked off one-by-one. the killer is presumed to be the young boy now all grown up looking for revenge. but is it him? or could it be somebody else? "valentine" has an attractive cast which includes denise richards, david boreanaz, marley shelton, jessica capshaw, and katherine heigl. they do what they can with the material they've got, but a lackluster script doesn't really do them any justice. there are some scary moments throughout, however. ** (out of four)
there's one line that makes it worth to rent for angel fans. everyone else: this is just a very bad horror flick. the female characters are typical horror movies females. they are wooden, annoying and dumb. you are glad when they are killed off. long live the strong female character in a horror movie!!
there are so many puns to play on the title of the spectacularly bad valentine that i don't know where to begin. i will say this though; here is a movie that makes me long for the complexity of the valentine cards we used to give out in elementary school. you know, the ones with batman exclaiming "you're a super crime-fighting valentine!" valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror movies in recent years that ignores the influence of scream. the villain is omniscient and nigh-invulnerable. the heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and grab them by the shoulders screaming "heyijustleftmycoatbehind!" the score is more overbearing than norman bates' mother. the flimsy plot follows several childhood friends, now grown up and extremely curvaceous. since the film gives them nothing else to do, they stand around and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one. this stalker appears to be former nerd jeremy melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. with valentine's day approaching, the women begin receiving scary cards foretelling their doom. melton seems like the obvious suspect. only problem is, as numerous characters warns, in thirteen years melton could have changed his appearance to look buff and handsome. so (insert terrified gasp here) everyone is a suspect! here's problem one. in order to have any sense of suspense while watching valentine, you have to accept a reality in which a high school nerd is capable of becoming david boreanaz. nerds don't turn into angel when they grown up, they turn into older, balder nerds. he's not a terrible actor, but the script, by no less than four writers, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do but scream and make out. denise richards (the bustiest actress in hollywood never to star in baywatch) is especially exploited; most shamefully in the blatant excuse to get her in a bathing suit just before a crucial suspense scene. note to self: always bring a bathing suit to a valentine's day party. just because it's february doesn't mean you might not feel like taking a little dip. the slasher in valentine dresses in head-to-toe black with a cherub's mask. here's problem number two. the filmmakers clearly thought this would be a disturbing image to have on the head of someone who's whacking people in the face with hot irons. plain and simple, it's not. instead, it just made me wonder how a guy with a mask that covers his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so stealthily without bumping his shins on chairs or tables. then again, given the things the cupid killer does, maybe he can teleport and his eyes are on his hands. not only is the movie bad, it isn't even sure who the killer is; the final "twist" is more "huh?" than "hah!" when you're not scratching your head you're yawning, then groaning, then searching for the nearest exit. do not watch this movie. even if you're alone on valentine's day, find something, anything, else to do. you'll be glad you did.
there is no way to describe how really, really, really bad this movie is. it's a shame that i actually sat through this movie, this very tiresome and predictable movie. what's wrong with it? acting: there is not one performance that is even remotely close to even being sub-par (atleast they are all very pretty). soundtrack (songs): "if we get orgy on the soundtrack then everyone will know that they are watching a horror film!"; soundtrack (score): okay, but anyone with a keyboard can make an okay soundtrack these days. don't even get me started on the "what the hell?" moments, here are a few: killer can move at the speed of light--door opens actress turns, no one is there, turns back, there is something sitting in front of her.; out of now where the killer shows up with a power drill, a really big one! the filmmakers get points for at least plugging it in, but can i really believe that the killer took the time to find the power outlet to plug it in. i feel like one of the guards at the beginning of holy grail and want to say "where'd you get the power drill?". i could go on and on about how bad this film is but i only have 1000 words. i will give this 2 out of ten stars. one star for making me laugh and another star for all the cleavage. seriously, do not waste your time with this one.
in an attempt to bring back the teen slasher genre that was taken away by spoofs like scary movie and shriek if you know what i did last friday the 13th, valentine fails. why did people like halloween? because it was original, new and went beyond anything that's ever been done. why did they like scream? because at least it made sense. valentine is just a stupid slasher-flick that has hardly any gore what so-ever. the plot is so similar to halloween and urban legend it's not funny. and the moment the killer comes on screen, you know who it is, it's just sssssssssssooooooooooooo predictable. the teen slasher genre is dead get over it! 0 out of 10
firstly, there are some good things about this film, but it's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. in the advertising of this movie, that i've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that denise richards is in it, but she's a poor actress, and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). and what's with that look she gives everyone? perhaps it's part of the character, but like i said, the acting... still, the writing is fine. you know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. i think the book it's based on is probably good, judging by the plot line, but next time i'll read the book to find out rather than watch this.
this stalk and slash turkey manages to bring nothing new to an increasingly stale genre. a masked killer stalks young, pert girls and slaughters them in a variety of gruesome ways, none of which are particularly inventive. it's not scary, it's not clever, and it's not funny. so what was the point of it?
valentine is a horrible movie. this is what i thought of it: acting: very bad. katherine heigl can not act. the other's weren't much better. story: the story was okay, but it could have been more developed. this movie had the potential to be a great movie, but it failed. music: yes, some of the music was pretty cool. originality: not very original. the name `paige prescott' recognize prescott? bottom line: don't see valentine. it's a really stupid movie. 1/10
this movie was rented by a friend. her choice is normally good. i read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. although it was a horror movie. which i don't prefer. but no horror came to mind while watching the movie. it was a dull, not very entertaining movie. the appearance of denise richards was again a pleasure for the eye. but that's it. we (the four of us) we're a little bit disappointed. but feel free to see this movie and judge it yourself.
the good: i liked this movie because it was the first horror movie i've seen in a long time that actually scared me. the acting wasn't too bad, and the "cupid" killer was believable and disturbing. the bad: the story line and plot of this movie is incredibly weak. there just wasn't much to it. the ways the killer killed his victims was very horrifying and disgusting. i do not recommend this movie to anyone who can not handle gore. overall: a good scare, but a bad story. ** out of *****
its plain to see why the makers of scary movie found it so easy to spoof these 'teen slasher' movies. they are so unbelievably formulaic. and if valentine had been released a year or so earlier, i'm sure they would have been spoofing this film too - that's if they found any actual original material to distinguish it from the screams, i know what you did last summers, and urban legends. valentine offers nothing new to this genre, except a better than usual ending which, of course, leaves lots of room for the inevitable sequel. as always, a masked psychotic killer stalks a bunch of beautiful young women, killing the main character's friends, one by one, in typically over the top style. lots of t&a on display, no character development, bad acting, and overly elaborate bloodshed. the thing i can't stand about these kind of movies is that they pass themselves off as 'who done its?'. the thing is that they aren't because the motive is only revealed once the killer has unmasked, and tells the main character who's friends have now all been murdered. usually something that was never made at all clear during the film anyway (eg. main character's mother's uncle's fishing partner kicked his friend's father's dog). everybody still left alive throughout the film is a 'suspect', but they are more 'red herrings' than suspects. as we all know at this point the main character manages an implausible escape and kills the unmasked psycho killer after the motive is revealed. valentine followed this formula almost to the letter. ***************spoiler!!!!!! (mini spoiler anyway)*************** in valentine the motive was not revealed, but more, left for you to think about given that the film didn't quite conclude in the typical 'teen slash' way. the issue is only part resolved, and the goal of the lead killer may or may not have been fulfilled by surviving the bloodshed and killing almost everybody. will the killer want more, or were the demons truly vanquished? this still didn't make valentine a good film, instead it simply saved it from being as bad as usual, which still doesn't count for much. to anybody thinking of making another film along these lines, please don't. originality is so important, and its hard to see any originality coming out of this genre.
***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** are all teen slasher flicks suffering from a drought of originality? it awfully seems so. first of all, this is a noble premise that could've been utilized well. a rejected young nerd who grows up, stalks and murders all the girls who tortured the hell out of him when he was in junior high? can't say you had nothing to work with. but this film goes through the same motions as all the other recent slashers. everything from the score to the camera angles allow us to predict exactly when a false alarm is coming and exactly when the killer will strike. we know the pattern by now. these stupid slasher movies push the credibility envelope more and more by the minute. let me ask you something: who, in their right mind, is going to surprise a friend of theirs in a dark, dreary morgue in the middle of the night and just surprise her out of the blue while she's all alone and surrounded by corpses? does that make any damn sense at all? "valentine" is only occasionally innovative. one good shot involves the butchering of denise richards' character. she gets trapped inside a pool and the killer pokes at her with a chainsaw. there's some good songs in the soundtrack, including one cool track by orgy. the music video is contained in the special features section on the dvd. even the acting is mediocre at best. the actors all sleep through their roles. of course, david boreanaz is often stoic, even in his portrayal as the title character on "angel." denise richards is a fine actress, though, and she keeps a stoneface throughout the movie. "valentine" is just like you'd expect: pretentious, implausible, forgettable, cheesy and without a good scare in sight. don't even bother. my score: 4 (out of 10)
here was no effort put into valentine to prevent it from being just another teenage slasher film, a sub-genre of horror films of which we have seen entirely too many over the last decade or so. i've heard a lot of people complaining that the film rips off several previous horror movies, including everything from halloween to prom night to carrie, and as much as i hate to be redundant, the rip off is so blatant that it is impossible not to say anything. the punch bowl over poor jeremy's head early in the film is so obviously taken from carrie that they may as well have just said it right in the movie (`hey everyone, this is the director, and the following is my carrie-rip-off scene. enjoy!'). but that's just a suggestion. (spoilers) the film is structured piece by piece exactly the same way that every other goofy teen thriller is structured. we get to know some girl briefly at the beginning, she gets killed, people wonder in the old oh-but-that-stuff-only-happens-to-other-people tone, and then they start to get killed. the problem here is that the director and the writers clearly and honestly want to keep the film mysterious and suspenseful, but they have no idea how to do it. take jason, for example. here is this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he divides the check on a date according to what each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after the brief history lesson about how bad poor jeremy was treated, he is assumed to carry some significance. besides that, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy that all the girls terrorized in sixth grade, and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all of those vicious valentine's day cards. it is not uncommon for the audience to be deliberately and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more characters that appear to be prime suspects, and jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not such a good example of a successful effort. sure, i thought for a while that he might very well be the killer, but that's not the point. we know from early on that he is terrible with women, which links him to the little boy at the beginning of the film, but then in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, smiles flirtatiously at two of the main girls, and then gives them a hateful look and walks away, disappearing from the party and from the movie with no explanation. we already know he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly thought out that they just took him out altogether when they were done with him. on the positive side, the killer's true identity was, in fact, made difficult to predict in at least one subtle way which was also, unfortunately, yet another rip-off. early in the film, when shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, he makes no sound, suggesting that the killer might be a female staying silent to prevent revealing herself as a female, rather than a male as everyone suspects. but then for the rest of the film, we just have this stolid, relentless, unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and that gigantic butcher knife. director jamie blanks (who, with all due respect, looks like he had some trouble with the girls himself in the sixth grade) mentions being influenced by halloween. this is, of course, completely unnecessary, because it's so obvious from how badly he plagiarizes the film. the only difference between the killer in valentine and michael meyer's is that michael's mask was so much more effective and he didn't have a problem with nosebleeds. this stuff is shameless. at the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead us one more time as to who the killer is (complete with slow and drawn out `and-the-killer-is' mask removal), but then we see adam's nose start to bleed as he holds kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know that he's been the killer all along. nothing in the film hinted that he might be the killer until the final act, and these unexplained nosebleeds were not exactly the cleverest way to identify the true killer at the end of the film. valentine is not scary (i watched it in an empty house by myself after midnight, and i have been afraid of the dark for as long as i can remember, and even i wasn't scared), and the characters might be possible to care about if it weren't so obvious that they were just going to die. i remember being impressed by the theatrical previews (although the film was in and out of the theater's faster than battlefield earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
this movie in away was super-clever. it's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. valentine makes zero attempt to be original. what is valentine anyway? it's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. there is nothing original in valentine. i only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it ripped off. 1.prom night 2.carrie 3.scream 4.any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody. i know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came. valentine had no chance of being a good movie. how come every horror movie has to have a "suprise" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. one minute a nice girl turns into an evil b--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on. normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again valentine doesn't have this. it was as if they tried to make it pg-13 but failed, so they left the edit. do not see this overly-inspired, rip-off unless you hate yourself, and you want to die. *1/2 (3) -j.leonard rollins-
well the reason for seeing it in the cinema was that it was a sneak preview, else i would never have seen this terrible teenage slasher movie. i mean haven't we had enough of this yet? scream and scary movie at least did not take them self serious! the plot sucks, and the acting is the worst i've seen. (only godzilla can compare, which is also the only movie that competes in being the worst i've seen in the cinema with this one.) there is so many plot holes in the story, and the girls are so alike, that you don't even now who has been killed, and who has not. (and you don't care.) the only of them i knew in advance was denise, and she was the most talent less actress i have ever seen in this bad excuse for a movie. stay as far away from this movie as possible. (2/10)
"in 1955, tobias schneerbaum disappeared in the peruvian amazon. one year later he walked out of the jungle...naked. it took him 45 years to go back." supposedly, "keep the river on your right" is "a modern cannibal tale". in reality, anyone looking for some insight into cannibalism will be sadly disappointed. the first half of the movie is more like a travel log of new ginuea, mostly touting the native art. the second half relies on still photos of a peruvian cannibal tribe, but really that's about it. unless of course, you are interested in home movies of a jewish wedding, or schneerbaum introducing his former male lovers. i give up. big disappointment and not really "a modern cannibal tale." - merk
so, where are the cannibals? those intrigued by the title and the 'real cannibal' appeal of this film will be let down. instead, we are shown a strange man and his re-visiting of a papua new guinea village full of natives, one of whom was his lover several decades prior. the man, tobias schneebaum is new york jewish as they come and somehow, this is intertwined with the documentary as he appears in his yamika in several scenes. there are no real cannibals here: only stories relayed by some of the natives and by tobias himself. not all together a bad film. very interesting and great cinematography. schneebaum remains highly likable throughout and provides us with a fascinating glimpse into a life that is about as far removed from western civilization as one can get. it's just not what it claims to be on the cover and in the plot summary. 4 out of 10, kids.
well, where to begin? i guess i can start with the general complaint regarding the way in which this film is marketed. call me ignorant for not knowing of schneebaum's book before viewing the documentary that has been based off of it and decide that i have been living under some kind of a rock, but don't blame me for picking this movie up since the title and the description on the box makes no note of the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion to said book. yeah, i felt quite stupid after viewing this little flick seeing as how the reason as to why i sat down to watch it in the first place was to get a good serving of a "modern cannibal tale." i mean, am i a fool for expecting this film to actually cover most of its story on the behavior of cannibalism in jungle tribes? i certainly didn't expect an hour and forty-five minutes of one old geezer kissing his own ass by whining about every little detail of his dull and worn out life. i certainly didn't expect the insipid directing and i most notably did not foresee myself laughing so hard at tobias schneebaum and all of his off-putting glory. schneebaum is indeed unlikable. the old man just rambles and bitches the entire film making the whole picture a personal tale of his even though he isn't even that interesting a character to fill a story. oh really? he was a cannibal? ninety percent of the movie is focused on next to nothing regarding schneebaum's dirty past. the only time that we really get to see some cannibal action is when tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment about what happened to him in peru and say that he had "a small piece." that's it, folks. ninety minutes of bull later and tobias schneebaum is a cannibal by three inches. it's like calling a movie "the life of a true don juan" only to see that the only the time the protagonist of said film did something sexual happened during college when he once played "just the tip." unbelievable. the directing is, indeed, superbly ghastly as there is no flow or rhythm to the story that is being told. alright, i understand that i didn't read schneebaum's volume before watching his celluloid tale of it, but i can still recognize some bad pacing and even worse editing. one minute schneebaum is talking about cruise ships and tourism and the next he's going on and on about how he can't drive and then jumps to talking about some dead relative or some failed and miserable saga in his life. i mean, jesus, can you at least slam his back story to the first part; follow up with some stuff covering his homosexuality and then end it off with a hearty look into his visit to peru? also: i don't particularly care much for schneebaum's insipid little quips on life and living, but i at least implore the old man to keep consistent with his ramblings. if i hear a guy talking about how he prefers life in the jungle i don't expect him to suddenly bitch and moan about wanting to go back home twenty minutes later. absurd. another note on the directing is the random clips from the story at hand to the small little television appearances in which our hero has appeared. while some might find the clips to be fancy little breaks from the story, the director has overused the gimmick and broken his entire film into pieces by seemingly attempting to place most of the efforts of telling the story on the old reels. the bottom line, here, is that tobias schneebaum is a fraud. pure and simple. i know that i haven't read the book, but i'm still holding on to the argument that this film is totally useless by noting that a good film must stand on its own. this documentary relies way too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of schneebaum's work and instead goes on from that assumption like a supplemental disk found on a dvd. schneebaum is both arrogant and bitchy, striking a sour combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably un-riveting. if you're looking for a solid piece on the nature of humans and cannibalism, turn away because "keep the river to your right" is an embarrassingly hilarious self-serving rant over a man who is long overdue for a straight-jacket and a gag.
i am curious is really two films in one - half of it is the sexual experimental side of lena and the other half is her curiosity with political/socialism. whatever the director's intention, the two don't really mesh together. the director should have just stuck with the romantic side of lena and made a separate movie for the politics. there is a bizarre mixture of political/war rallies, dr. king, serious political interviews, flopping breasts, and pubic hair. the film feels more like a fictional documentary than a movie. other than the interesting sex scenes, you'll be bored dry watching this film. unlike many other reviewers, i think the nude/sexual scenes are overdone for what it is. if you want to see real porn, i'm sure there are better choices. the pervasive nudity is a major distraction from whatever plot there is. i think the cast did a fine job however. they played their parts believably. there is little of the over-the-topness i'm so used to seeing in the american films during this time.
this film, once sensational for its forward-thinking politics and depictions of free love and sexual liberation, has been reduced by time to a mere curiosity. it seems absurd now that this mostly boring little film had been banned and seized by governments in many countries. given how socialistic sweden eventually became, the 'radicalism' of its politics, once controversial, appear naive and almost mainstream four decades later. and its sex scenes, at one time the subject of sensational obscenity trials, look pretty tame in a modern context. nevertheless, the film and accompanying documentaries detailing its many controversies and influences remains marginally watchable as an early reliquary of 60's youth rebellion. one part of the film that still holds up: its self-consciousness with respect to the 'fourth wall'. every once in a while, the filmmakers film themselves making the film. the satiric playfulness of this still elicits a chuckle.
the plot line of no one sleeps is not a bad idea, and the subject matter is of quite a bit of interest. but, throughout watching this film, we were saying aloud, "these filmmakers go to the trouble of finding good locations, the lighting is good, makeup and hair are good...why is the sound so bad?" throughout the film the sound was echoy, garbled and much of the dialog was unintelligible. there is some good acting in this film, and i think jim thalman is really a good actor. this story, with some of the same actors, would have been worth doing as a high-budget film. i just can't reiterate enough - if you have a limited budget, dedicate more to good sound. sound is as much a part of a film as the image, and it's worth doing right. could've earned a 6.
hail bollywood and men directors ! really this is the ultimate limit in utter sacrifice made by indian woman !! viewing the current state of affairs in india where the wives are becoming more vicious day by day and are very possessive about their husbands - the directors ..also can be called uncle scars (refer movie the lion king) came up with a very new concept on how both the kept and the wife can live together happily ever after sharing everything between themselves ...including the spermikins !! story line : married couple - very happy - but accidentally a mishap happens and wife has a miscarriage - lost the foetus along with the capacity of ever becoming a mother ! now in in india, the in- laws usually drive away the daughter- in- law if she fails to give them an heir ! so the wife hits upon a major plan - surrogate mother...but the scientists intervened - "sure artificial insemination" - no said the artist (director actually) - "neighbourhood will come to know that the daughter - in - law is barren so they are going for surrogate mother !! neighbours ! society !! gosh the same ones who watch fashion tv day and night - watching girls between the age group of 14 to 40 ...al in bras and panties - well those neighbors suddenly take an upper hand in family planning and decision making !! so the wife sends away her husband to a beer bar where girls are dancing on the stage - all mostly uneducated and illiterate - but men love such women as they can satisfy their egos a lot ! he hires the lead dancer in the pub - asks her to bear his baby - in exchange for money - she agrees - she comes home - becomes pregnant - wife and kept - both co-exist in the same house - in the mean time the prostitute also gets a taste of household life - so much caring people around - she misses them all and cries silently !! in the mean time - no one in the family comes to know that the real daughter in law is roaming around with a pillow beneath her petticoat !!- the mother or other elderly people never took her for check-ups - nor did they try to feel the baby's movements in the womb !!
this movie is traditional bollywood fare as far as the star power, sentimentality and love triangle of emotions. what really bothered me about this movie was the makers' absurd notion of surrogate mother. a whore who conceives a child with someone after have sex with the man (of the family desiring a child) is not a surrogate mother. neither is she a good candidate for a surrogate mother. i have seen indian movies and television shows that made 10 to 15 years ago that dealt with this issue more intelligently. the whole concept of the movie is ridiculous and absolutely implausible. i realize that most bollywood movies aren't meant to be plausible, but they don't pretend to be either. this movie wants us to emote along with the characters, but this can't done with such a ridiculous, contrived conflict. i would have expected better from abbas and mustan.
i wonder if there is any sense of sense in this movie. its a big joke. good.. its entertaining .. you get to see the most stupid plot played very seriously in the form of a film .. i wonder which audience group this movie is basically targeted to. priety (a pros) plays a surrogate mom for a happy couple salman/rani who want a child but can't. i wonder how it would be if this drama was a real-life take-off from a real couple's life. rani appears happy with another pretty lady in her house who has been brought in to make a child for her & salman. she cares for priety and tries pushing her husband salman to preity so they may have some romance. when will the audience get fed up of salman's nakhras. though a good past-time, this movie is unbearable. absurd.
the tv guide calls this movie a mystery. what is a mystery to me is how is it possible that a culture that can produce such intricate and complex classical music and brilliant mathematicians cannot produce a single film that would rise above the despicable trash level this film so perfectly represents. this is bollywood at its best/worst, i honestly cannot tell the difference. nauseatingly sweet, kitschy clichés on every level, story-line, situations, dialog, music and choreography. to put it bluntly, you must be a retard to enjoy it. i watched it to satisfy my cultural curiosity, but there were times when i had to walk away from it, because i could not take it any more. the only redeeming quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses.
... but the keyword here is "usually." i have been known to adore movies everyone thinks are dumb. but in the world of b-rated movies, this one is z-rated. absolutely ridiculous. the thing i respect about most of my favorite b-rated movies are that they don't take themselves too seriously. the makers of movies like that sort-of treat the movie lightly, even if it's a heavy topic. i get the impression, however, that the producers of this movie took themselves way to seriously, like they were putting together a 10-star classic, complete with poor attempts at poignant lines and dumb camera shots. nevertheless, despite all this, i still gave it 4 out of 10 stars, as i am biased towards movies like this. if you're a b-rated fan, however, i would try too hard to find this one.
don't even ask me why i watched this! the only excuse i can come up with that i was sick with bronchitis and too weak to change the channel. :) it's too terrible for words, the movie that is, not the bronchitis. the acting is deplorable, richard grieco hams it up as a trigger-happy, gun-slinging serial killer with a penchant for knocking off cops. nick mancuso phones in a performance as the cop on his trail and nancy allen manages to put in the only sympathetic role in the entire film. the script is dismal, peppered with clichéd lines, "are you ready, pardner?" purrs richard grieco to every single one of his victims. dire. avoid.
the french film "extension du domaine de la lutte" directed by iconoclast film maker philippe harel is based on the book of the same name written by a controversial writer michel houellebecq.he has also worked on this film's scenario.according to british cinema magazine sight and sound,it is also known as "whatever".this film has been hailed as a breath of fresh air for french cinema due to its not so common theme of sexual politics and its implications on two stupid information technology workers.the film is marred by its much too evident voice over which introduces us to the main character.this makes us viewers feel as if we are watching a book that is bring read. the basic premise of problems related to loneliness due to chronic sexual drought is fine but the film goes out of hand once the hero starts recounting the misery faced by him and his friend.instead of sticking to its main topic the film veers in other directions leading to its downfall.beware:some women viewers might find not only the film but even its two heroes as moronic misogynists.
two years ago, on berlin film festival we watched the amos kollek movie "sue" in the panorama program, with a wonderful anna thomson in the leading part. it's a film about loneliness and sex, and how the one thing is compensated by the other. in the same section on the festival now we have to complain the superfluous antithesis of sue, "extension du domaine de la lutte", which now tries to convince us that loneliness and having no sex is one and the same problem. but unfortunately we can't sympathize with "our hero" (how he is called by the story-teller), because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and himself. own fault, i'm sorry. i can't understand him. not enough, the writer/director/actor want us admitting to him, that it's not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality, what brought him so far, but the rotten society and its image of sexuality. yes, there are some deeper insights about gender relations, but we won't follow him so far... and the point is, that there is rather any sign of reflection about his own portion to the fate, having no sex. who didn't notice yet, it's a quite depressing film... in the beginning, there had been some starts to be more accurate in sketching the situation. at the bed store the "hero" speaks about the hindrances buying a new bed. perhaps it's too broad getting up the stairs, you have to stay at home half a day... this is a satire about a character, who doesn't know taking the life and heart in hands, doing something... the movie doesn`t follow this path, but handles his characters with helplessness. nobody believes, that "our hero" is able to instigate tisserand for a murder. too dull, too kind, too - passive (not to mention tisserand's complex; he has an inhibition, but he couldn't be, of course, a murderer of women!). to finish: there are women and the world, it's not a device of a modern sexualized society. help you as you can, but don't follow the messages and the "wisdom" of this movie, which announces bankruptcy to human relationships, without seizing the real conflicts within.
blank check is one of those kids movies that could have been a great suspense thriller for the kids but instead it's a tired lame home alone ripoff that isn't worth a dime. quigley is a criminal who just escaped from jail and gets his hidden million dollars from a big score and then we meet preston a frustrated kid whose room is taken over by his brothers to start a business and obviously dad treats his brothers better because they make money the same day he goes to a kid's birthday party and since his dad is a cheapo he goes on little kids rides while the other kids go on roller coasters then he receives a birthday card and a check of 11 bucks how cheap is this family? so he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the gorgeous shea stanley were her parents mets fans? he finds out he needs 200 to open a account meanwhile quigley gives his million to his banker friend and finds out the bills are marked so he will send a lackey named juice to get the unmarked ones when preston leaves his bike gets run over by quigley he's about to write a check when he spots the cops and bolts back home his parents scolded him about his busted up bike and gets grounded what? their kid got almost run over and they worried about a bike? so preston forges a million dollar check via his computer and comes back only to be escorted to the banker thinking that he's juice he gives preston the money but the real juice came and realized they been duped by a kid! so preston buys a mansion under the name macintosh gets a limo driver who says unfunny jokes and goes on a epic shopping spree then he spots shea and talks about opening his account kid you're loaded and you're talking about opening an account? we soon realized shea is actually an fbi agent tracking down quigley and his two other accomplice's then he told his cheapy dad he's got a job working for mr macintosh and spends the day riding go karts playng vr games and hanging out with his limo driver buddy then he goes out on a date with shea in a fancy restaurant what a 10 year old wining and dining a 20 something fbi agent? afterwards he takes her to a street geyser and playing around in the water messing up shea's 300 dollar dress yet she takes it well if this was a bit realistic she would slap him for messing up her expensive dress so quigley and the others still mad interrogates a little kid and quickly spills the beans and preston is being chased by quigley in a scene taken from the original script and afterwords he is hosting mr macintoshs birthday which is really his birthday when he discovers he couldn't pay for the party he sits in his chair and dad talks to macintosh which he doesn't know it's his son he's talking to and talks about preston should be a real kid and has his whole childhood ahead of him and wants preston to go home early what? an hour ago you were grilling him about his finances! so preston asks everyone to leave and sits alone pondering when quigley and the others break in to the house to make preston pay and so he faces then in a finale that rips off home alone quigley gets spun around in a ball while preston is driving a go kart juice gets hit in the groin and more antics ensue until the trio get preston cornered and when it seem all hope is lost shea and a bunch of swat guys come to save the day and so quigley and his crew get sent to jail but is there any hope for preston and shea? there is and she kisses him in the lips what? what? what? a grown woman kissed a kid in the lips. come on is she mentally disabled? i mean an fbi agent who knows the country's laws would risk her career to kiss a kid? she could get arrested on the spot! and the most creepiest part of all is that isn't goodbye and she'll see him in 6 or 7 years! oh dear and so he comes home to his family celebrating his birthday so the moral of the story is love and respect can be bought? what are they smoking? the bottom line is that is a waste of time the morals are whacked it's flat as a tortilla the kid is annoying the villains are lame the comic relief isn't funny the brothers are unlikable the dad is even worse the romantic subplot is creepy the plot's shallow and the only saving grace is the cinematography from bill pope which went on to shoot the matrix trilogy and two of the spider-man films so people don't waste your money and go watch home alone instead. this has been a samuel franco review.
blank check is a movie that i saw on tv one day and like most movies they air on tv blank check wasn't that good. first of all no one i have ever met has seen blank check and that includes people that grew up in the 90s. also blank check won't be remembered in the 00s either simply due to the fact that it will be overshadowed by pixar's films. i wouldn't call blank check a bad film but its not really entertaining either. (or at least it isn't to anyone over the age of 6) blank check isn't a entertaining film because nothing about it is original. everything just makes you go "what haven't i seen this before?" blank check rips off and tries to cash in on everything from richie rich to home alone (which strangely enough both have macaulay culkin in it) blank check isn't a bad movie, but it deserves to fade into obscurity.
i saw this movie once a long time ago, and i have no desire to ever see it again. this movie is about preston waters, a hard-lucked preteen, who always seems to be overlooked by his family and who always seems to be short on cash. all this changes when a bank robber runs over preston's bike and passes him a blank check as compensation. preston uses the check to withdraw $1 million from the bank (ironically, the money belongs to the bank robber who gave him the check). preston then buys a mansion and says that he's working as the assistant of a mysterious and wealthy backer named mr. macintosh (named after his computer). after that, he just goes crazy with the money. on paper, this sounds like a great idea. however, on screen, it is one of the emptiest movies i've ever seen. for one thing, it's too unbelievable. i know some parts of the movie were meant to be incredible, but i draw the line at a twelve-year-old boy going out with a thirty-year-old woman, and being put in charge of a imaginary person's small fortune. also, this was a shallow movie with weak acting, a predictable plot line and characters who are less than memorable. the characters were either cheesy, over the top, annoying, or underdeveloped. but "juice" was a funny character. if you're looking for a good movie to watch with your family, skip this one.
the worst movie i have seen in a while. yeah its fun to fantasize, but if that is what you are looking for, i suggest you see brewsters millions. this was just terrible and corny and terrible at being corny. unless you are five or like terrible movies, don't see this one.
blank check is easily one of the worst films of the nineties. the plot is completely pointless; its overtones of lonliness are pathetic. do you really believe a twelve year old acting as a personal assistant for a millionaire could accomplish everything in this film, like buying a mansion for a mere $300 grand. the notion, let alone the bargain-basement price, will only be believed by the most gullible viewers. please, respect your intelligence and don't watch this awful, awful film.
i almost called hbo and demanded my money back for the month just because they've been airing this movie. i can just see the movie execs sitting around going, "okay, we need to come up with something that's just like home alone, only we'll add a bunch of cash for the kid, hire cut-rate actors, and oh yeah, we'll make it a lot less funny!" okay, maybe not the last part, but that's basically what you've got here. not even worth seeing if someone else rents it. and as a movie for kids? forget it. i wouldn't let my kids see this, not necessarily because of bad-taste jokes, but because i wouldn't want them to say, "what were you thinking showing us that lame piece of garbage, dad?!?!"
this movie is really goofy! i saw it as an 11 year old, and even then i thought it was pretty ridiculous! i would only recommend this film to kids under the age of 12. i really didn't care for it, but i do think that it answers some very good questions that kids need to be aware of, such as: 1)does money buy happiness? 2)should i lie (to my parents) about things i think they wouldn't approve of? 3)does money buy friendships? 4)is money everything? 5)shouldn't i tell my parents when someone is trying to hurt me? granted, these are very unrealistic situations, but i do think that if parents discussed these issues with their children, maybe they should watch this video as well, in order to show/scare their kids that lies have the potential to get you hurt.
a young boy comes into a lot of money and promptly begins to live it up. unfortunately, the man whose money it really is happens to be very bad. he wants his loot back. when he discovers who has the bucks, he begins trying to get it back. he keeps getting foiled by this little kid who is just lucky enough to keep from falling into the evil man's hands. sounds familiar, i'll bet. very predictable, not interesting at all. come up with something a bit different, ok guys?
bad actors, bad filming, choppy dialog, shallow characters, but then again it was a bad premise in the first place. basically, an 11 year old who is bullied because he has very little money is given a blank check by a moronic criminal. of course, the 11 year old happens to possess enough technology and intelligence to purchase a house, cash a check for 1,000,000 dollars, and even foil three bumbling idiots, reminiscent of the three stooges. preston blake is an annoying, obnoxious, boy, who decides that, when written a blank check by a complete stranger, he will take advantage of the situation as best as he can. in other words, he wanders into a bank, hands a teller a check he makes in his printer, and miraculously walks out with a million bucks in cash. preston is also apparently capable of reaching incredible speeds on his bicycle, due to the fact that a man driving a jaguar after preston and his 10-speed could not catch him, even when preston jumped a row of cars. of course, with every hokey adventure movie, there has to be hot heroine. in this case our hot heroine is a child molesting fbi agent who dates the eleven year old preston, and promises another date when he turns 17. however, the absolute worst aspect of this film was not its casting, nor its sloppy dialog, such as "the only other way i could think of skinning a cat is to stick a hose up it's butt and then pick up the fur". it was, rather, the entire fact that nobody in the entire film seemed to realize that the fbi does not give a damn about random people . what i have failed to explain is that preston uses the alias "macintosh" to masquerade as an entrepreneur of sorts. of course, the fbi finds this intriguing and sends our young heroine after preston, who uses his 11-year old wit to first scream when lobsters fall on his face, then treat her to hamburgers, finishing with a ridiculous romp through a cemented area where water jettison's from the ground. our heroine fails to realize during this whole adventure that the criminal the fbi is pursuing is slipping and sliding right behind the two, as they make their way to preston's limousine, complete with a 1-dimensional driver who never fails to provide cheap, 3rd rate laughs that the whole family can choke on. overall: 1/10 is incredibly gracious for this film. i don't see how it only has a 4.4/10.
bad plot, bad dialogue, bad acting, idiotic directing, the annoying porn groove soundtrack that ran continually over the overacted script, and a crappy copy of the vhs cannot be redeemed by consuming liquor. trust me, because i stuck this turkey out to the end. it was so pathetically bad all over that i had to figure it was a fourth-rate spoof of springtime for hitler. the girl who played janis joplin was the only faint spark of interest, and that was only because she could sing better than the original. if you want to watch something similar but a thousand times better, then watch beyond the valley of the dolls.
larry buchanan. yep, same guy who did "attack of the the eye creatures" and two (count 'em: two) conspiracy movies about marilyn monroe. he's to blame, here. adding onto his ever-growing pile of folders left over from oliver stone's "eh-i-grew-out-of-it" conspiracy drawer, here's "down on us (i.e.- "beyond the doors") which is the working definition of historical inaccuracy. forget everything you thought you knew about jimi hendrix, janis joplin and jim morrison, says big lar', cuz this is the real deal! y'see, the three big names in rock of the '60s were killed by the government because they were subversives or counter-productive to truth, justice and the american way, or sumpthin' like that there. i knew it all along. anyway, three people (chatman, meryl, wolf) who look eerily like their real life shadows (that is, if you completely close your eyes, turn your backs and walk five miles away from them) show that instead of their recorded deaths, the good old us of a put hits out on them! yep, it's the truth! man, i cannot believed i watched this movie. it's facts, when not stretching credibility to the snapping point, are ludicrous; the acting makes tv commercials look like high drama and if you honestly watch it through to the end, you deserve the "twist" ending. you really, really do; i swear. genius. but like the man said: "rock and roll is dead - long live rock and roll." not this flick, though. no stars for "down on us". and that's the movie audience describing the film, by the way....
what ends up killing this movie is its self-consciousness, among other things. here's a short list: 1. irreverent behavior. when the beatles came over and injected their brand of "quirky, irreverent" behavior/humor, it was greeted as fresh. that was over 4 decades ago. get over it. 2. false sophistication. spewing out base, quasi-socio-political-isms is hard ground to make work comically. ask woody allen. 3. the post-modern "i'm hard on this phony world and yes, i recognize it in myself" snake eating itself - used as illustration with another animal in the film itself! - is such a retread. 4. smarmy, smug drollness. 5. amateurish writing, acting, direction... ever seen student films? a victim of itself, about the only thing i can say positive is that it at least has a sense of itself, and sheesh, now i'm getting caught up in the self-reflexive thing that it posits as worthwhile, of value. but towards... what? ultimately, it just rings as hollow as any other pretentious piece - hey, ever see woody allen's take on bergman, ie: "interiors"??? well, this just does it more amateurishly.
not to be confused with the madonna film "the next best thing", "the last big thing" is a silly, campy, off-the-wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called "the next big thing" which reviews a variety of up and coming artists. this low budget indie makes "chuck and buck" look like a masterpiece. fraught with lousy acting, poor sets and costuming, etc., "...thing" has earned some awful reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award. pass on this one.
after reading the book, i loved the story. watching the movie i was disappointed that so many changes were made. it is understandable that books and movies differ but it was two different stories, only the names and some of the book's story remained. read the book and you'll have a better understanding of the movie. the book gives you a better development of the characters. these characters are extremely interesting and make you care about them. the locations were indeed in line with the book's descriptions. some characters not included. television has microwaved so many great books and stories, this is a perfect example of that. input from the author doesn't always insure a good movie but it can help sometimes.
i read the book and really enjoyed it from beginning to end. however, when i saw the movie i was very disappointed. first of all, no disrespect to deborah raffin but she was too mature to play a woman of 24/25. the late christopher reeve was also miscast-same reason. will, according to the book,was around 30. i would have love to see a little more exploration of his military life, his friend red, elly's trip to see him as that was an important part of the characters' storyline development. also miss beasley was miscast as the book mentioned her being a plus size lady. i know the movie didn't have the budget of the "bridges of madison county" which i believe was released around the same time. but to me this was a very poorly made, low budget, miscast movie. as someone mentioned, i wish that miss spenser would come out of retirement and write screenplays for her books as they ought to be. she knows her characters better than anyone, i hope that she would consider doing the casting too. the movie let me down!
i've seen my fair share of badly thought-out endings and final twists to films, but i don't recall any film that committed outright suicide like this one did. the film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would 'surprise' us all.... and it did, but perhaps not in the way the directors had hoped. i was left feeling surprised that connery, harris, fishburn and capshaw had anything to do with this turkey, individually or collectively. the film up until the final thirty minutes was rather engaging and i like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall. but once the twist was revealed, the plot holes and inconsistencies were remarkable, the underlying motive for revenge was ill-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for bobby earl was ridiculously far-fetched. what's worse is that, once the twist was revealed, the remainder of the film became excruciatingly predictable. harris gave a terrific performance and connery is like morgan freeman in that he never gives a bad performance, even if the movie ain't that great! so all in all, it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested. the last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable nose dives in the history of cinema.
paul armstrong is a liberal, scottish-born, professor of law at harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, who is hired to take on the case of bobby earl, a young black man from florida who has been convicted of the rape and murder of joanie shriver, an eleven year old white girl. earl claims that his confession to the crime was obtained under duress by a sadistic police officer and that the real murderer is blair sullivan, a serial killer already under sentence of death for several other murders. armstrong visits sullivan in his cell on death row, hoping to persuade him to confess to joanie's murder, thereby saving earl from the electric chair. at first all goes well. sullivan confesses and earl is released from prison when the appeal court quashes his conviction. as this development takes place only a little after halfway through the film, it is at this point that alarm bells will start ringing in the mind of the viewer. "warning! major plot twist ahead!" and so it proves. the anticipated twist soon materialises. earl, it transpires, is actually guilty of the crime of which he has just been acquitted, and probably of several others as well, but hatched a diabolical plan together with sullivan in order to secure his freedom; sullivan will confess to joanie's murder if earl will murder his parents. (just why sullivan wanted his parents dead is never precisely explained). armstrong now finds that he is himself in danger from the man whose life he has just saved; earl has a grudge against armstrong's wife, herself a lawyer, who acted as counsel for the prosecution in an earlier case when earl was accused of rape. "just cause" is an example of the auto-cannibalism in which hollywood sometimes likes to indulge, cobbling together one film by recycling themes and plot devices from a number of others. the first half owes an obvious debt to films like "intruder in the dust" and "to kill a mockingbird"; about the only difference is that the sheriff who beats a confession out of bobby earl is himself black, whereas in earlier films he would have been white. (police brutality is now an equal opportunities activity). the central twist in the plot was borrowed from costa-gavras's "music box", although in that film the revelation does not occur until the very end. the finale, in which a lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are in danger from a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of "cape fear", which also take place in the swamplands of the american south. ed harris' characterisation of sullivan as a bible-quoting religious maniac is a direct imitation of robert de niro's character in the scorsese version of "cape fear", made four years before "just cause". (there is a postscript. just as "just cause" borrowed heavily from several other movies, seven years later its central plot twist was, in its turn, to be blatantly plagiarised in the ashley judd vehicle "high crimes"). the trouble with this style of film-making-by-numbers is that the resulting films are generally much less distinguished than those which inspired them. the whole is normally very much less than the sum of the parts, and "just cause" is a much lesser film than any of those which were cannibalised to make it. harris is normally a gifted actor but this is one of his weakest performances, largely because he is not so much playing a character as playing de niro playing max cady. blair underwood is ok as bobby earl the (supposedly) innocent young man of the early scenes, but unconvincing as bobby earl the murderous psychopath of the later ones. sean connery as armstrong and laurence fishburne as the black sheriff are rather better, but neither is good enough to save the film. (connery and harris were to act together in another, better, film, "the rock", the following year). there is another problem with "just cause". the first half of the film looks like a standard liberal "issue" movie, anti-death penalty, anti-racist and critical of heavy-handed policing. the second half looks more like the work of a die-hard reactionary, preaching the message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to deal with them is to fry them in the chair, that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the criminal fraternity and that police officers who beat up suspects are to be commended as heroes. the filmmakers seem to have been blissfully unaware that the plot twist casually introduced into the middle of their film had the (presumably unwanted) effect of reversing its political stance, or if they were aware of the problem they ignored it. a suitably convoluted plot was obviously thought to be more important than political consistency. 4/10
just cause showcases sean connery as a harvard law prof, kate capshaw (does she still get work?) as his wife (slight age difference) and lawrence fishburne as a racist southern cop (!) and ed harris in a totally over the top rendition of a fundamentalist southern serial killer. weird casting, but the movie plays serious mindf** with the audience. (don't read if you ever intend to seriously watch this film or to ever watch this film seriously due to the spoilers) first of all, i felt myself rolling my eyes repeatedly at the liberal stereotypes: the cops are all sadistic and frame this black guy with no evidence. the coroner, witnesses and even the lawyer of the accused collaborate against him (he is accused of the rape and murder of a young girl) because he is black. connery is a harvard law prof who gives impassioned speeches about the injustices against blacks and against the barbarous death penalty. he is approached by the convicted man's grandmother to defend him and re-open the trial. connery is stonewalled (yawn...) by the small town officials and the good il' boys club but finds that the case against blair, the alleged killer, now on death row, was all fabricated. the main evidence was his confession which was beaten out of him. the beating was administered by a black cop (!) who even played russian roulette to get the confession out of him. connery finds out that another inmate on death row actually did the murder and after a few tete a tetes with a seriously overacting, hannibal lecter-like ed harris, he finds out where harris hid the murder weapon. he gets a re-trial and blair is freed. i think... film over.... then suddenly! it turns out that blair is a psychotic psycho and that he used "white guilt" to enlist connery. he concocted the story with ed harris in return for blair carrying out a few murders for harris. now blair is on the loose again, thanks to connery's deluded pc principles! the final 30 min. are a weird action movie tacked onto a legal drama, connery and fishburne fighting the serial killer in an alligator skinning house on stilts (yes, you read that right) in the everglades. that was one weird film. so the whole system is corrupt and inefficient, the cops are all just bullies and abu graib type torturers, but the criminals are really psychotics and deserve to fry. truly depressing on every level! the system is completely rotten and the pc white guilt types who challenge it are seriously deluded too. two thumbs down. connery obviously had to make a mortgage payment or something.
the form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. there are surprises, twists and turns, reverses and excitements. at times, this is truly an "edge-of-the-seat" film. but it disappoints, and disappoints severely. the villain of the piece is not believeable; his character does not hold together. i refuse to "spoil" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end. the second major disappointment of the film is that--finally, it becomes little more that a bloody slasher film. there is little qualitative difference between this and one of the "friday the 13th" films. not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion. though the film features the magnificent sean connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces.
just cause is one of those films that at first makes you wonder quite why it was so heavily slated when it came out - nothing special but competent enough and with an excellent supporting performance from ed harris. then you hit the last third and everything starts to get increasingly silly until you've got a killer with a flashlight strapped to his forehead threatening to fillet sean connery's wife (a typically mannered and unconvincing kate capshaw) and kid (a very young scarlet johannsen) in an alligator skinner's shack. the kind of movie that's probably best seen on a plane, and even then only once.
look carefully at the wonderful assortment of talent put together to make this movie: connery, fishburne, capshaw, harris, underwood, beatty, thigpen, even cameos by slezak, lange, and plimpton. they prove, in spades, the adage that a good cast cannot save a bad script. the story line requires so many leaps of faith from the audience that its implausibility should have exceeded even hollywood standards. it's not particularly original, and the "twists" are downright cruel.
as other reviewers have noted the film dies in the last 1/2 hour. however before that it suffers from predictability and a stunningly vapid performance by kate capshaw, who clearly never found her character and ruins every scene she's in. connery is fine as is fishbourne, but most scenes are manipulated for effect rather than truth which overlays the entirety with a sense of unreality. and the ending is simply bizarre. the film makers apparently knew when they pieced this mess together that all they needed were sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie to have thanksgiving dinner, so to compensate they added an overloud "dramatic" score. every little jump is accompanied by a crescendo of orchestration, to the point where it becomes laughable. if you want an example of major league bad film this is one to see, otherwise skip it.
seems that the cast should ensure at least an average movie. and so i sat down for 102 minutes of unbelief. beside ed harris no-one seems to own the skills of acting. even sean connery, who i normally worship, must have had an off-day during the entire filming of just case. not once in during the whole movie one actor could convince me. this made this movie look cheap and unreal. the story makes up a little. it is thrilling, and the plot is unexpected. conclusion only watch this movie if you really have nothing more useful to do.
1st watched 2/16/2002 - 4 out of 10(dir-arne glimcher): mystery??/thriller with too many ridiculous plot twists. despite the very talented cast this movie is way too predictable and just downright under-estimates it's audience. the movie-going public is not stupid and i hope will not keep filling certain stars pockets again and again despite what they are involved with. we think that this movie is going to be about something with connery's conviction against capitol punishment in the beginning but it turns out to be nothing but a standard, contrived for the audience's sake, run of the mill, let's never get it over with, thriller. we are pulled into every silly switch in character, as they are portrayed to us when it's needed in the story, and we're ready for this thing to be over way before it ends. yes there is some good acting here, especially from blair underwood, fishburne, and ed harris in a psycho-supporting role but the story does not work from almost the beginning to the very long-awaited end.
the performances of fishbourne (who appears strangely funny somehow) and (short featured)ed harris are remarkable, unlike connery's who doesn't appear to find sense in his role and ends up in the motorial behaviour of a 80yr old man. in fact the screenplay doesn't make sense; imagine a 60 min. happy ending-plot plus a sudden turn appendix without any argumental structure in respect to the characters. it's more an accident than a screenplay and may be good for examination purposes at screen-wrights' schools. the more you remind the details the stronger this impression gets. the capital punishment is not an issue here, although it is a subject from the beginning; it sort of fades away without further comment. the subject-matter and environment could have been good.
a pot - boiler if ever i saw one. a supposed thriller borrowing from "a time to kill", "silence of the lambs", even an inverted "in the heat of the night" with a little reverse murder, a la "strangers on a train" thrown in, it fails abysmally where all the above, to a large degree, succeeded. namely, in delivering thrills. the plot seems condensed from a bigger book, making the plot developments obvious and uninvolving, while the direction lacks pace and verve. to rein in any kudos, a major twist had to be delivered along the way and here it fails palpably too. connery is clearly slowing down in his old age, barely bothering with his attempt at a us accent and besides seems too old to be the husband of hope lange and the father of those gosh - darn kids of his. he even has a father in law who seems younger than him. laurence fishburne barely gets the chance to inhabit his role and you're confused from the outset as to whether he's a bad guy or a good guy. someone once said that flashbacks shouldn't lie - they do, confusedly, here. the rest of the playing is merely average by a reasonable cast in their underwritten stereotyped roles. the supposed climax managed too, to roll by leaving me firmly entrenched in the back, not as should have been the aim, front edge of my seat. mediocre sloppy hollywood film making for sure.
this movie is a crappy and forgettable sean connery vehicle. the performances are generally crappy especially by capshaw, fishburne, and the usually solid ed harris. connery seems miscast as a harvard academic. the movie absolutely gets worse as it goes along. it is a third rate mystery that becomes extremely contrived by the time it unravels. the movie squanders an excellent supporting cast. george plimpton also turns up in a minor role to add some gravitas to connery as they debate the death penalty. the violence and the atmosphere pepper a third rate mystery/thriller that is manipulation to the highest degree. the scripting and direction are extremely poor. connery's charisma and screen presence are the film's only virtue. manipulative, violent, and ridiculous. 2/10 avoid it.
this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.
because it is, that's why! this is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. rosanna arquette makes anything worth watching, and mandy schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite. * out of ****
this can't be mandy schaffer's last film. somebody, do something! :-( argh. what little life this one might have had, the directing finished off. don't blame the cast; they did ok. even the winemaker's younger brother was pretty well done, and he didn't even get into the movie until halfway through. and please, please put mandy in some more movies! she's too beautiful to bury her career at such a young age. ya' breakin' my haht, heah.... two specific criticisms, in case anyone cares (apparently nobody liked this movie very much). first, the way traci kept popping up at just the right melodramatic moment, in order to see whatever she was supposed to see, and never got seen in return, was very annoying. hollywood: please stop giving villains perfect timing luck which runs out exactly when the climax arrives. it's dumb. write better scripts so you won't have to use that lame plot device any more. if your script isn't good enough to stand up without that, then don't produce it. second, carmen wouldn't have fallen for that fake injury trick that traci pulled. she already had traci fingered. more bad writing/directing there. i could trash this movie further but mercy forbids it. actually i didn't hate it as much as the others seem to have. it just didn't have much of a reason for being made, unless it was purely a vehicle to show off the lovely mandy. oh, and to whoever didn't think she was sexy... the character wasn't very well written, but how can you say she wasn't sexy?!? one or the other of us needs glasses, and i don't think it's me. more mandy. (not to be confused with "moore, mandy" -- although i'd like to see her again too. ;-) p.s. did i mention i hope mandy makes me more movies? <:-d
let me be really clear about this movie. i didn't watch this movie because of the plot, i watch it for the saucy sex scenes. that being said, this movie is so god damn awful i flip between pure joy of seeing a godly body of traci (mandy schaffer) and cringing my eyeballs out for the disaster of a plot. spoiler alert the first scene of the movie already had me cringing.. you see a woman painting something by the lakeside, in pure bliss and serene, then a beautiful girl approach and ask if she could paint beside her. when they both finished, they show each other what they had done... and the woman painted a vineyard when she is facing infront of the lake. what kind of screwball director would make this kind of mistake?? and in another scene, traci gets to kill her teacher's lover by smash him with the sail pole, and then she swims away, and none of the town's police suspected her once. i mean hellooooo? mandy did not wear a glove did she? her finger prints are all over the god damn boat!! after that, it gets worst, whenever mandy is around, there is the "chilling" sound effect played which sounds like a cat in hissy fit. it's also a real pity rosanna arquette's is in this movie. i feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft-porn no brainer. same goes for jürgen prochnow, who also has the misfortune to star in this movie. all in all, 2/10.
a truly, truly dire canadian-german co-production, the ever-wonderful rosanna arquette plays an actress whose teenage daughter redefines the term "problem child" - a few uears prior to the "action" the child murdered her father, and mum took the fall for the offspring. now she's moved up to the northwest us to start over, but her child still has a problem in that she's devoted to her mother. so devoted in fact that she kills anyone who might be seen as a threat to their bond. unfortunately mandy schaeffer (as the daughter) murders more than people - she delivers such a terrible performance that she also wipes out the movie, though the incoherent script, useless direction and appalling music (check out the saxophone the first time she displays her bikini-clad bod) don't help any; we're supposed to find her sexy and scary, but she fails on both counts. almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing (not to mention the fact that arquette and schaeffer don't really convince as mother and daughter), all condolences to miss arquette and jurgen prochnow, both of whom are worthy of far more than this, and both of whom (particularly rosanna) are the only sane reasons for anyone to sit through this farrago. one of the production companies is called quality international films - not since the three-hour "love, lies and murder" (from two short productions) has there been such a "you must be joking" credit.
this movie is so bad, i knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person. very bad acting very bad plot very bad movie do yourself a favour and don't watch it 1/10
oh man. if you want to give your internal crow t. robot a real workout, this is the movie to pop into the ol' vcr. the potential for cut-up lines in this film is just endless. (minor spoilers ahead. hey, do you really care if a film of this quality is "spoiled?") traci is a girl with a problem. psychology has developed names for it when a child develops a sexual crush on the opposite-sex parent. but this girl seems to have one for her same-sex one, and i don't think there's a term for that. it might be because her mother dana is played by rosanna arquette, whose cute overbite, neo-flowerchild sexuality and luscious figure makes me forgive her any number of bad movies or unsympathetic characters. here dana is not only clueless to her daughter's conduct; she seems to be competing for the gold medal in the olympic indulgent mother competition. it's possible that dana misses traci's murderous streak because truth be told, traci seems to have the criminal skills of a hamster. it's only because the script dictates so that she manages to pull off any kind of a body count. a particularly hilarious note in this movie is the character of carmen, a mexican maid who is described by dana as around so long she's like one of the family although she dresses in what the director thought would say, "i just fell off the tomato truck from guadalajara." carmen is so wise to traci's scheming, she might also wear a sign saying, "hey, i'm the next victim!" sure enough, traci confronts carmen as carmen is making her way back from mass, and bops her with one of those slightly angled lug wrenches that car manufacturers put next to your spare as a bad joke. i rather suspect than in real life those things are as useless as a murder weapon as they are for changing a tire. in another sequence, arquette wears a flimsy dress to a vineyard, under cloudy skies, talking to the owner. cut to her in another flimsy dress under sunny skies, talking to the owner's brother. then cut to her wearing the first dress, in the first location, under cloudy skies - but it's supposed to be later. you get the picture. we're talking really bad directing. as for skin, don't expect much, although traci does own a nice couple of bikinis. for those looking for a trash wallow, 8. for anybody else, 1/2.
i am guessing the reason this movie did so well at the box office is of course eddie murphy. i think this was his first movie since "beverly hills cop" so at the time he was hot. considering that one made over two hundred million and it was r and this one made about 80 million and it was pg does say it was not all that popular. i have never been a big eddie murphy fan, so that is probably another reason i didn't care for it much at all. this one has eddie as some sort of finder of lost kids. he must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril. the plot is very bad, but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects. i had seen better stuff done in the 70's than some of the stuff this one offers, ray harryhausen did better stuff. still the main reason you see a movie like this is because of eddie, unfortunately he is not very funny in this one at all and it just seems stupid to put him in the "raiders of the lost ark" type scenes. i guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect, but to me it just did not work.
unlike "the adventures of buckaroo banzai", or "big trouble in little china", or "conan the barbarian", which are horrible films that have a certain coolness and self-deprecating humor that turn them into cult sensations, the golden child is just plain bad. the premise itself is not unworkable, and there are some funny moments. but here the eddy murphy "flip attitude" just deflates any feeling of tension or danger in the story. and the special effects are silly enough to do more damage to that tension. the "mystic secrets" of tibetan buddhism are lampooned rather than drawn upon to compel. without a feeling that anything is at stake, or that the characters are faced by real danger, why should we care? who should see this film: -- big fans of eddy murphy who can't help themselves -- i can't think of anyone else i'll give this film a 4 out of 10 for the occasional joke that worked.
definitely one of funny man eddie murphy's lesser films is this nonsense about a kidnapped mystical child, three hundred year old dragons and a "chosen one". murphy is the "chosen one" in question, and as the opening song suggests, he is "the best man in the world". a finder of lost and missing children, he is approached by a mysterious tibetan woman (charlotte lewis) who tells him he is "the chosen one", and that it is his destiny to find and rescue "the golden child". for if the child were to die, compassion would die with him, as he is the bearer of compassion. if all this hocus pocus rubbish hasn't ruined it for you now, it surely will once the movie begins. suffice to say the plot is abominable and destroys the whole film. meant to be another vehicle for murphy's egotistical brand of humour (the comedy isn't so great mind you), the movie fails on many levels. even charles dance as the evil sardo numspa can't do much for proceedings. very silly and disappointing. sunday, december 12, 1993 - t.v.
well, what's to say. the golden child falls in the category "so bad, it's good". eddie murphy is having some funny (and sometimes quite annoying lines), but you are still entertained. chales dance has never been worse than his role as the villain sardo numspa (what a f***ed up name is this??). who should watch the golden child... hm... difficult to say, but my best guess would be people who likes embarrassing movies and can be entertained by bad acting, bad plot and an even more embarrassing dialog. 4 out of 10
why is it that when a star reaches the top of the star chain, they ruin all the good work by making a bad movie? burt reynolds peaked, then started making dreadful hal needham car chase flicks. arnold schwarzenegger became the hottest property in hollywood, only to invite derision upon himself with the appalling last action hero. and here, loquacious eddie murphy erases memories of trading places and 48 hours with this "family" adventure flick, which is an unbelievably tedious, childish and generally plain awful misfire in which the chance to see charlotte lewis's great big breasts in a tight blouse is the most appealing aspect of the entire film. the story is pure humdrum. it concerns social worker murphy, contacted by mysterious types and told that he is the chosen one. chosen for what, i hear you ask. his job is to rescue a tibetan boy with mystical powers from a race of demons who want to rule the world. as the main demon, classy actor charles dance looks terribly embarrassed to be in the film, but hey, i'm sure he was well paid for sacrificing his talents. of all murphy's films, this is easily the worst. i've read some reviews which suggest that it is nice to see murphy in an atypical role, in a non formulaic kind of film, and while both points are loosely true there's no forgiving the fact that the film - however atypical and non formulaic it might be - is an absolute load of garbage.
michael jackson would have claimed a spot for the top-billed character in the golden child, and because he loves kids. that didn't work (and why should it?), so instead we have eddie murphy out to save the world by rescuing "kid midas". i would strongly suggest all future scriptwriters to please thoroughly study the actor's inane dialogue in this quirky fantasy - adventure - comedy that's a step closer to ishtar. whatever murphy says or does can be best liked, but don't get me wrong about his exquisite comical talent; he doesn't belong in this movie, and the same went for dr. dolittle! the violence and visuals combined are reasons to stamp it as a cult camp classic, and that wouldn't have made any sense as hollywood and movie fanatics kept cashing in on the guy. speaking of visuals, they were pulled off amazingly well at the time of ronald reagan's presidential fame. murphy is far better at coming to america and 48 hrs, but this stale movie isn't my touch of golden honey for a sweet crunchy taste.
bad movie for sure. it's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects, a lot of hasty scenes (the airport one for example), and a real unfunny time. (charles dance) is awful as the evil guy and he is much better in (last action hero). (eddie murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and i heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! i'll never understand why or how ?! in one tv interview i've heard (eddie murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! one of the comments said (hey...it's the 1980s !). well, no my friend. it's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of razzie movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! there are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. the first is that i'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (charlotte lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and oh boy the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. but how odd ! as i've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! anyhow the second reason is that i've found this movie's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movies ever! the bottom line: bad movie, greeeeeat legs.
i remember when the golden child was released in 1986 it was universally panned by the critics , and i`m talking panned so badly that it more or less ended the glittering career of eddie murphy so i guess this movie has something going for it it gets off to a bad start where buddist monks kneel in front of a child with a blank expression on his face . bad guys enter the temple child sits with blank expression bad guys chop up the monks child sits with blank expression bad guys pull out giant bird cage and stick the child inside who now sits with ... go on guess ? you do get the impression that even if they were taking him for a sleepover at michael jackson`s wonderland ranch he`d still give the same blank expression , this movie would be better titled the wooden child the title sequence starts and being a movie from the 1980s a pop soundtrack features heavily . obviously this might have been cool and funky at the time but now in 2004 it seems very dated . not only that but it jars completely with the somewhat bloody opening . in fact that`s the main problem ( and boy it`s a serious one ) with this movie - the whole mood seems to change from scene to scene so much so that sometimes it`s like watching scenes from totally different movies spliced together . i blame the director personally but it should also be pointed out that both the screenwriter and producer should share equal blame too . did anyone know before shooting commenced what type of movie this was going to be ? it`s part fantasy , part martial arts , part buddy movie , part comedy and it`s all crap
i will start this off by saying i couldn't get all the way through it. i picked it up on a rainy day from walmart like the rest of the reviewers on this site. i figured there wasn't any way i would regret my purchase. was i wrong or what? seriously now, who approved this project? they need to be forced to watch this movie over and over until the end of eternity. that's the only fitting punishment i can think of for releasing something this bad. the shooting reminds me of the movies i used to make for class projects on a big old vhs cam. the acting isnt much better. i think the only difference is that there are a few cool cameos. yay, who cares... shecky moskowitz is unfunny, and the ships comedian is an even bigger loser. that's about as much of the plot as i understood. overall it's the worst movie i've ever seen. i own it on dvd and have given it to many co-workers to watch. each comes back and laughs and says "wow i didnt think i'd ever say i shut off an adam sandler movie 15 minutes in...." my response is always "well now you can"
i can say without a shadow of a doubt that going overboard is the single worst film i have ever seen, and yes, i have seen cujo. adam sandler is an abomination as schecky moskowitz, a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner. that's the plot. that's it! nothing else in the film makes sense, it's all over the place like a mad man's breakfast, and not in a wacky naked gun kind of way, but more of a frustrating, 'throw both shoes at the t.v' kind of way. even general noriega makes an appearance, for no reason i can comprehend (it certainly wasn't for humour). add to the mix miss australia, who has the worst australian accent i've ever heared, and you have something which i won't call the worst film ever made, because going overboard doesn't even fit the basic definition of a film. i highly recomend seeing this film, as it will elevate the standing of every bad film you ever see. i guarantee the first thing you'll say after seeing a bad film will be "at least it wasn't as bad as going overboard".
i wanted to punch the tv. watching it was torture. i hated it. never watch this movie. the terrorists are annoying. adam sandler is annoying. i normally like him but not in this one. i wanted to break the dvd. this is the most irritating film in the world. the comedian he's jealous of is obnoxious. the only remotely funny part is the rocker with the black teeth getting all the girls. it was so irritating i wanted to punch the tv. do not buy this movie unless you want to annoy someone. if you even like adam sandler a little bit, don't buy it. it will just make you hate him. do yourself a favor, if you see it in the store, hide it to put everyone out of danger of buying it. its a waste of the $1.99 i paid for it.
first: i bought it at the video store. second: i watched it. third: it was boring. fourth: it was not funny. fifth: most of the antics were lame. and last, but not least: it's not only a bad movie, it's a total fiasco. i am a huge adam sandler fan despite this disappointing and forgotten film. i pity it because it was his first movie. even if you are a huge adam sandler fan, don't bother watching this movie. instead, just take the video, board a yacht, and throw it overboard.
i am a huge adam sandler fan, and one day i was looking at the cast&crew selection on one of his dvd's and saw 'going overboard' and decided to go out and rent it. so i went out with a few buddies of mine and rented it. we put it on and we were shocked to see an adam sandler that didn't hit puberty yet, he looks as if he was 12 when this movie came out. i couldn't even watch 30 minutes of this crap, i didn't laugh, chuckle, or even smirk at this movie, actually the only time i smirked was when i saw how horrid this movie was. i could not believe how hard he tried to make the viewers laugh in this movie...and it didn't work once. although from seeing the horribly awful camera angles and hearing the disgusting script i realized why i had never heard of this movie,...because it sucks more than anything has ever sucked before. this movie, in my opinion, was the worst movie ever made,....ever!
even if you're a huge sandler fan, please don't bother with this extremely disappointing comedy! i bought this movie for $7.99, assuming it has to be at least halfway decent since my man sandler is in it and because i assumed some women would get naked (judging by the r-rating and scantily-clad women on the cover). well, there are quite a few scantily-clad women, but none get naked. i'm not sure what point this was in sandler's career, but i'm guessing it was even before his snl days. i can be wrong. this is like watching one of his home movies. he might look back at a cheesy movie like this and reminisce about the good ol' times...but we (the audience) are left to dry. this is hardly a "movie"! sandler does a lot of talking to the camera, and even admits at one point that this is "no-budget" movie (that's right, not a low-budget movie, a no-budget movie). so our job is pretty much to laugh at the quirky characters. there is no steady plot, it's like an extended sketch comedy show--but a crude and badly written one. that guy who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying and it was implausible in the first place that he would receive such a mass audience. and sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying the one classic henny youngman line "take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? i'm not even going to try to make any logic here. sure, sandler's current and recent movies are not known for making a lot of sense (the penguin in "billy madison," the midget in "happy gilmore's" happy place) but the comedy works. this is a strictly amateurish work, and even if you're curious about adam's early days in film--you still won't be interested. you're better off checking out his start on snl or maybe his underrated role in "mixed nuts." of course, the sandman is not the only actor wasted in this thankless vehicle. billy bob thornton also makes a short appearance, billy zane ("titanic") has a supporting role and the great burt young (from the "rocky" movies) has a significant role. this awful comedy will most probably be collecting dust on the 99-cent rental section of your local video store--and rightfully so. my score: 3 (out of 10)
this early adam sandler film could be compared to his life as a comic during the same period in 1989. his character's constant acknowledgement of his hidden comic genius and frustration regarding humorous material seems to come more from sandler than the script. the film is nothing compared to his blockbuster feature films, such as big daddy or even the corny billy maddison. unfortunately, sandler had not yet found a way to express himself in a consistent, successful and funny manner when this film was made, much like his character. the majority of the film's "jokes" come from sandler having conversations with himself, usually over his unrecognised comic talent and beating himself up because he's too ugly and can't get women. the film is hard to watch too because it doesn't treat itself like a real film. sandler talks to the camera and the viewers throughout the film, often referring to the film's low budget or questionable content. the film is ultimately awkward and embarrassing to watch. i immediately wanted to forget i even saw this film after it was over, for fear that if more found out about it, it would ruin sandler's career. pass this one up at the video store, i rented it for free and it was still a waste of time.
having decided some time ago to collect the films of billy bob thornton (on the strength of class movies like "sling blade", "a simple plan" and "the man who wasn't there" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there. what i didn't realise however, was that there could be one this bad. i'll give you an idea how incredibly poor this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: "knock knock", "who's there?", "the big stinking man", "the big stinking man who?", "the big stinking man - is you!". yes folks, it really is that bad. billy bob is only in it for about two minutes (i guess he needed the work at that time in his career), and the rest of the movie is painful. for some reason though, although it's undeniably awful, i don't hate it. that's probably because i save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like "the fast and the furious" and not a "no-budget" flick like this one. 2/10 at a push.
worst mistake of my life. i picked this movie up at target for $5 because i figured, "hey, it's sandler i can get some cheap laughs". i was wrong, completely wrong. mid-way through the film all three of my friends were asleep and i was still suffering. worst plot, worst script, worst movie i have ever seen. i wanted to hit my head up against a wall for an hour, then i'd stop, and you know why? because it felt damn good. upon bashing my head in i stuck that damn movie in the microwave and watched it burn....and that felt better than anything else i've ever done. it took american psycho, army of darkness, and kill bill just to get over that crap. i hate you sandler for actually going through with this and ruining a whole day of my life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this movie was so bad i couldn't sit through it without doing something else. there was no plot and no point. i was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian, i couldn't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description. politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining. so how was this made? is there no quality control in film? watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience. it's hard to imagine that adam sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure. he was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.
i saw this movie about 5 years ago, and the memory of it still haunts me to this day. i was fully aware at how awful it was supposed to be going into it, so i have only myself to blame. but like most, i didn't believe all the negativity. being a sandler fan, it just seemed inconceivable one of his movies could really be that bad. i figured it was just sandler haters. i couldn't have been more wrong. what we have here is a comedy that does not contain even 1 second of anything funny. that is actually quite an accomplish. you'd think in a 90 minute comedy, they might have accidentally stumbled upon something even remotely amusing. but no, it's just horrible. it's not "so bad it's good", its just bad. you cannot laugh at how bad it is, you can only cry. you wait patiently for a joke that will at least make you chuckle, but they never come. have you seen the movie the ring? where the people watch a video tape and die 7 days later? if this movie was on the video tape, people would die instantly, by their own hand, and there would be smile on their face as they realize their agony has ended, and that would be the first smile since they pressed play. you might be inclined to watch it just to see how bad it is, unable to curb your curiosity. don't. please don't. trust me, i'm doing you a favor. there are 2 types of people in the world, those that think going overboard is the worst movie ever made, and those that have not yet seen it.
shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. until recently i worked for a uk hifi & video retail chain, running their testing department. we would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of going overboard. we had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of goodmans dvd player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their dvd player back, they never failed to send shecky back also. our new staff would be forced to use only going overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with. now, as to why this film is so bad, where do i begin? adam sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in happy gilmore, or the wedding singer, must have been having one hell of an off day. the rest of the crew stank, and what is it with billy zane? his name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. crazy. the production quality is absolute zero. i would have been inclined to give this a zero if i could, because they didn't even have the guts to call it by it's full name 'the unsinkable shecky moskowitz' on release. even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far sandler has come, and just how low he can go.
with adam sandler. this is without a doubt one of the most idiotic films ever made. it's about cruise ship waiter shecky (sandler) wanting to be a comedian on the cruise ship. first off, there is not one funny or clever line in the entire movie honestly. it is so unfunny it's pathetic. there is surprisingly not much crude or sexual humor, but the f-word is plentiful. the budget is really low, and that also ruins the film. it takes place on a cruise ship, but it seems they only had money to rent out a small boat and only had money for 10 ship extras, one of which is billy bob thornton. the opening credits are animated reeeeeaally cheaply, and it is just pathetic. i hate this movie and everyone else that sees this will hate it too. 86 mins. rated r for language.
a friend of mine bought this film for £1, and even then it was grossly overpriced. despite featuring big names such as adam sandler, billy bob thornton and the incredibly talented burt young, this film was about as funny as taking a chisel and hammering it straight through your earhole. it uses tired, bottom of the barrel comedic techniques - consistently breaking the fourth wall as sandler talks to the audience, and seemingly pointless montages of 'hot girls'. adam sandler plays a waiter on a cruise ship who wants to make it as a successful comedian in order to become successful with women. when the ship's resident comedian - the shamelessly named 'dickie' due to his unfathomable success with the opposite gender - is presumed lost at sea, sandler's character shecker gets his big break. dickie is not dead, he's rather locked in the bathroom, presumably sea sick. perhaps from his mouth he just vomited the worst film of all time.
i stole this movie when i was a freshmen in college. i've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. "sweet, adam sandler, i've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny." wrong! i can't make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. you would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous, but after watching this you'll know its true. this movie isn't worth the price i paid for it. i've watched a ton of steven segal movies, and i've even watched crossroads twice... but i still couldn't watch this.
this has to be the worst movie i've ever attempted to watch. in the first 15 minutes, there wasn't anything to keep my interest in this movie. i was on vacation at the time, and had plenty of time to devote to a just-for-the-fun-of-it movie. the condo we were staying in had this movie in stock -- they must have got it from the $1 store or something. if you like adam sandler, this is nothing like any other movie he's made. this started with a bad premise and then just got worse. there's nothing even remotely funny in it. i've watched a lot of movies, including some i didn't care for. but if you decide to waste your time on this movie, don't say i didn't warn you.
this movie is by far the worst movie ever made. if you have to create a film costarring the guy who plays lars in heavyweights than don't make the damn film. i have to say that i could watch leprechaun in space 6 times before i could watch the trailer for this pos of a movie. adam sandler should be restricted from any movie after this disgrace. watching this movie is like a mix of listening to cher and willingly putting your dick in a blender. anyone with half of a brain cell will realize that this movie is not worth a dime. if i had an extra dollar and had to spend it, i'd give it to the support lorraina bobbitt foundation before buying this movie.
watching this stinker constitutes cruel and unusal punishment at the hands of sandler. truly a slow and painful death. 'bought the dvd in the $5.88 bin at wal mart. but the thought that keeps echoing in my head is, "how can i get my money back?" the most unforgivable thing about the movie is that the boat just does not sink! best constructive suggestion: mystery comedy theatre. you know that show on the scifi channel in which some guy and his muppet-machines spoof the most unwatchable horror flicks (mystery science theatre). immediately, spin off a comedy program and feature this flick. without a good humorous spoof of this train wreck, i fear that viewers may actually begin following sandler with ice picks and chainsaws.
i picked up this movie for $5 dollars at a discount book store, adam sandler is a awesome actor and i figured it would be a good movie, well, it wasn't. there was absolutely no story line at all, bad jokes, and the other comedian said "the f-word" every other word he said,cursing usually dosen't bother me but this was over the top. and even worse than the lack of story line was the parts when sandler would just begin talking into the camera at random parts in the movie, it reminded me of dora the explorer when they turn and look at the screen and ask you questions. and last of all is when they would randomly put in bikini shots of girls at random times in the movie. in my opinion, don't buy this movie, its a waste of money
this is definitely the worst movie adam's ever done but at this point in his life, he was just happy to have a movie. there are 3 or 4 laughs in it but i used the fast forward button through some of it. don't waste your time. i only saw it because i wanted to see all of his movies, but it sucked.
if you've ever seen this movie, you'd know that it! if you haven't, and want to see a classic bad movie, i suggest you see this movie, because it ranks right down with the worst. so, if you're really bored, go rent it. if you want to know what it's like, here's my little summary: adam sandler is hired to work on a giant cruise ship with some ms universe models and five other people. adam doesn't like how one passenger is getting all the babes, and he tries to take over with the cheezy jokes. but wait! it only gets worse! you'll have to rent the movie yourself to see how bad it truly is.
i just finished watching going overboard. i have to say that we should send every copy of this film to iraq and make them watch. i even tried to get a blind women to watch this and she turned it off in like 20 min. adam sandler could not find a better project than this? as for the writing, if thats what you want to call it, those responsible should be forced to watch this movie forever in hell!! i believe that somewhere i read that the budget for this film was $10,000 and they were way under. did wallmart get a good deal on this? every store has a big huge bin of this crap sitting on the sales floor. the only good thing about this movie is you can use the dvd as a coaster, or trade it to a friend, but then they might not be your friend anymore!!
i had never heard of this adam sandler movie until i saw it on the wall at blockbuster. being an adam sandler fan at the time, i rented it. honestly i could only watch about 30 mins. of it. it was terrible. do whatever it takes to keep this out of the hands of the public. i honestly hope this movie goes oop soon, and i hope it stays that way!
hello. i am paul raddick, a.k.a. panic attack of wtaf, channel 29 in philadelphia. let me tell you about this god awful movie that powered on adam sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time. going overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so i thought. sandler encounters babes that like history of the world part 1 and rebound. the babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. adam sandler fared bad in going overboard, but fared better in big daddy, billy madison, and jen leone's favorite, 50 first dates. man, drew barrymore was one hot chick. spanglish is red hot, going overboard ain't dooley squat! end of file.
mere thoughts of "going overboard" (aka "babes ahoy") make me want to weep. throwing yourself out a window would be better than watching this movie. it's not even a supposed "so bad it's good" movie. i would spend money to buy copies of this movie and burn them so that people can't see it. oh the pain, the pain...
...okay, maybe not all of it. lured by the false promise of bikini-clad women on the movie's cover...but the horror...the horror... ...whatever you do, do not watch this movie. gouge out your eyes, repeatedly bash your skull in...do what it takes. never again--never forget!
unwatchable. you can't even make it past the first three minutes. and this is coming from a huge adam sandler fan!!1
i'm glad that i saw this film after mr.sandler became famous. it is bad....bad,bad,bad. there is no plot. it's like watching a painfully dull home movie. i really enjoy his other films......but if you're a fan like me....stay away from this one. it may change your thoughts on adam. you may never recover from the horror that is this film....i've had a better time watching old folks play scrabble in a home.......
this movie portrays ruth as a womanizing, hard drinking, gambling, overeating sports figure with a little baseball thrown in. babe ruths early life was quite interesting and this was for all intents and purposes was omitted in this film. also, lou gehrig was barely covered and this was a well know relationship, good bad or indifferent, it should have been covered better than it was. his life was more than all bad. he was an american hero, an icon that a lot of baseball greats patterned their lives after. i feel that i am being fair to the memory of a great baseball player that this film completely ignored. shame on the makers of this film for capitalizing on his faults and not his greatness.
it's impossible for me to objectively consider this movie. not that i haven't tried, mind you - but i sit down, and i pop in the aged vhs, and i watch the opening...and suddenly i'm five years old again and clutching my very own care bear and watching the movie with open eyes and an eager heart. i can see, objectively, that this movie is a bizarre combination of cuddly baby merchandising-mascots and creepy prepubescent children with evil powers that has a thin story and uninteresting animation. but my inner five-year-old goes, "yay! care bears!" every time i think about it. so - i'd only (cautiously, reluctantly) recommend this movie for those who saw it during their early youth and can call on the awesome power of nostalgia while watching it (like me) or those lovably cynical gen-x/y-ers who deliberately seek out the wonderfully bad/strange (a category in which this movie...definitely belongs). to those actually looking for a compelling movie or wholesome family entertainment: you might want to keep looking.
i really wanted to like this movie. i absolutely love kenny hotz, and spenny rice has a charming side to him. not that i like spenny at all. spenny ruins this movie. he should of let kenny and his hot girlfriend pitch the movie. anyways, it's pretty boring aside from a scene with roger ebert in it. there really isn't too many celebrities in this movie, and most don't seem to say more than one line. overall this movie was disappointing. i would only suggest watching it if you got it with the season 1 dvd of kenny vs spenny (it comes for free on the 3rd disc). regardless of this production, i am still very excited to check out the papel chase.
this is the worst documentary to come out of canada ever!!!! i'm glad to see the guys haven't made another movie. all they want to do is get a movie made and it doesn't have to be the one they wrote. they keep changing the script to suite the person they're pitching. i could not get out of the theatre fast enough when i saw it at that year's toronto film festival. please never see this film.
robert taylor definitely showed himself to be a fine dramatic actor in his role as a gun-slinging buffalo hunter in this 1956 western. it was one of the few times that taylor would play a heavy in a film. nonetheless, this picture was far from great as shortly after this, taylor fled to television with the successful series the detectives. stuart granger hid his british accent and turned in a formidable performance as taylor's partner. taylor is a bigot here and his hatred for the indians really shows. another very good performance here was by veteran actor lloyd nolan as an aged, drinking old-timer who joined in the hunt for buffalo as well. in his early scenes, nolan was really doing an excellent take-off of walter huston in his oscar-winning role in the treasure of the sierre madre in 1948. note the appearance of russ tamblyn in the film. the following year tamblyn and nolan would join in the phenomenal peyton place. the writing in the film is stiff at best. by the film's end, it's the elements of nature that did taylor in. how about the elements of the writing here?
this was the third remake of sleeping with the eniemy after yaarana(1995) and agnisakshi(1996) agnisakshi was the only one which worked and was a better film daraar is directed by abbas mustan who sadly failed in their attempt here the story was good but the handling wasn't that good and the heroine was shown too regressive and the climax too was disappointing direction is bad music is good rishi reprises his role of yaarana(strangely which also was a remake of swte) and looks too fat for the lead and is okay juhi is decent while arbaaz tries too hard in his debut and does manage in many scenes to chill the audiences but his voice was terrible johny is too loud
daraar got off to a pretty good start. the first scene really left me at the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next. other than that, the first half of the movie is a total bore. all the first half of the movie is about is rishi kapoor falling head over heels in love with juhi chawla. by the way, don't you think he's a little old for her??? things finally start to spice up towards the middle of the film when juhi tells us about her previous husband; and wow what a lunatic is he! he was an over-protective, neat-freak with a really hot temper! he used to beat up poor juhi for no good reason! one of the reasons i really don't like this movie is because i can't stand to see juhi (my favorite actress) get so abused. this film in general has way too much abuse and bloodshed; i find it so sickening!!! anyway, all i'm trying to say is if you're thinking about renting daraar, you should put it right back on the shelf where you found it and pick something else!
for the record, this film is intriguing but its hardly original. back in 1998 a movie starring talia shire called the landlady had almost the exact same plot but with younger characters. the story is amanda lear has had a bad life, abusive father, horny doctor, mental homes, etc. she's finally released from the happy home under the guidance of her perverted doctor...who she anally abuses and kills the poor guy. (now that was original) the doctor had financed a mansion for her before she killed him and buried the sucker in the backyard. after moving in she falls in love with a stud named richard, who just happens to be married to a blues singer. if you've seen the landlady you know the rest, she kills or tries to kill anyone that gets in between her and richard (including a roadie). much of the idea's came from the previous movie, same idiot sidekick that sticks his nose in, same spying on the guy with a bowl of popcorn, same flying a bodypress. it did have some original material, the beer bottle thing was brutal. the highlight of the movie was amanda's beautiful breasts in the hot-top scene. somewhat of a ripoff but not a total waste of time. 4 out of 10
despite the high ratings given to this film by imdb users, this is nothing more than your typical girl-with-a-bad-childhood-obsessively-stalks-married-man film. the attractive justine priestly's brief nude scenes may attract voyeurs, but the film is hackneyed tripe. * 1/2 out of ****
i got this movie because i worked at a movie store so i got free rentals. it came in, and the cover made it look alright. hot chick, carrying a weapon, alright, i'll check it out. oh man, bad move. this was so horrible, i spent half the movie watching in fast-forward to get to the nudity, which was minimal. i think maybe three scenes of partial nudity. cheesy dialogue, crappy violence, poor excuses of characters. i feel bad putting this movie down, because i know it was made on a cheap budget, but so was "clerks" and it became a cult classic and a franchise. 2/10.
shallow grave begins with either a tribute or a rip off of the shower scene in psycho. (i'm leaning toward rip off.) after that it gets worse and then surprisingly gets better, almost to the point of being original. bad acting and amateurish directing bog down a fairly interesting little story, but the film already surpasses many in the "yankee comes down south to get killed by a bunch of rednecks" genre because it is actually shot in the south. a group of college girls head to ft. lauderdale for summer vacation and are waylaid in georgia by a flat tire after getting off the main road. (note to yankees: stay on the highway when you go to florida.) sue ellen (lisa stahl) has to pee so she heads into the woods. when she finally finds a good spot to do her business she witnesses the local sheriff (tony march) strangle his mistress (merry rozelle) to death. (note to yankees: do not wander off into the woods when in the south; not because you might witness a murder, but you may run across a marijuana plantation.) this is the point where the story, not the movie, actually comes close to being good. while tony march will never have to practice his oscar speech, his sheriff dean becomes a creepy facsimile of a normal guy torn by what he has done and what he must do. tom law is likable as deputy scott and is as authentic a southern deputy as i've seen since walton goggins (deputy steve naish) in house of 1000 corpses. a few scenes in the movie are worth the mention. the girls stop at a bbq in south carolina and display their racism when a big black guy checks them out. sue ellen runs into a barn to hide behind some hay bales and in a shockingly realistic moment a large snake is hiding in the hay with her. and in the strangest scene, sheriff dean makes like he's about to rape patty (carol cadby) and tells her to take off her clothes. dean has turned the radio up to drown out the noise of what he's about to do. the preacher on the radio needs to go back and read his bible. his sermon is about how jezebel is saved by the blood of jesus christ. i feel sorry for this preacher's flock. jezebel was in the old testament a few thousand years before christ was born and by no means is she one of the five people you are going to meet in heaven.
this movie is basically about some girls in a catholic school that end up getting into trouble because of putting red dye in one in one of their school mates shampoo and after being reprimanded for this act they decide to take off to florida for a vacation. on their way there they meet up with some guys in a local diner and decide that they would both meet up with each other in another location later on. the girls end up on a road side near the woods and stop for awhile and while one of the girls decides to walk around a bit she sees a murder happen in which the local sheriff himself is involved. she becomes scared and runs to tell the others what happened. the other girls decide to go take a look with her and two of them get killed by the killer. then the two remaining girls are caught by the killer and are placed in local jail cell. the deputy sheriff meanwhile is keeping watch over the girls and despite their insistence that the sheriff is the killer he ignores them both and acts as ignorant and everybody else in this movie who just can't put two and two together much less some lousy detective work at that. the best part was the rape scene between the killer and one of the girls where he decides to rape her in her jail cell and it seems that the girl actually wants to be raped by this man and the bare chest scene i admit was good but before their lips meet he has other things in mind. this movie reminds me of the low-budget thriller "blood song" with frankie avalon staring in it, the same motive just a different character part. it's not a movie worth renting not even for an 80's low-budget movie and the ending was the worst ending i have ever seen in a movie and it left me wanting my money back!
i saw this by chance showing on cable on wanted to like it as i thought sandra was quite funny from what i remembered. the only facial movement i had throughout the movie was jaw dropping stunned at how awful a movie i just suffered through. the person who said this is one of the funniest movies of all time please point out one line, just one scene, that is even worth a chuckle. she is a much better singer than i remember her to be, but i didn't want to watch a lounge act. i think this is a movie try hard to like since they think they should and don't view it objectively.
film version of sandra bernhard's one-woman off-broadway show is gaspingly pretentious. sandra spoofs lounge acts and superstars, but her sense of irony is only fitfully interesting, and fitfully funny. her fans will say she's scathingly honest, and that may be true. but she's also shrill, with an unapologetic, in-your-face bravado that isn't well-suited to a film in this genre. she doesn't want to make nice--and she's certainly not out to make friends--and that's always going to rub a lot of people the wrong way. but even if you meet her halfway, her material here is seriously lacking. filmmaker nicolas roeg served as executive producer and, though not directed by him, the film does have his chilly, detached signature style all over it. bernhard co-wrote the show with director john boskovich; their oddest touch was in having all of sandra's in-house audiences looking completely bored--a feeling many real viewers will most likely share. *1/2 from ****
killer tomatoes movies have this special kind of humor - you either love it or hate it. i personally like it, but in this fourth movie the feeling is gone. the tomatoes aren't the same, jokes are lame, even the actors aren't as funny. because that's the only thing this kind of movies are supposed to be - funny. so now following the plot made to laugh, is annoying. they really shouldn't have done the fourth part to the killer tomatoes trilogy.
what made the original killer tomatoes fun was it was made by people with no budget who were just being wacky for a couple of days... this was something with a budget, but it just wasn't as much fun. john astin of adams family fame is actually making an effort here to be comedic, but he is supported by lame actors, cheap special effects and unfunny gags. the plot. dr. gangrene (astin) escapes from a french prison and decides he is going to put a pretender on the throne of france... the hero, his french girlfriend and the gizmo-like "fuzzy tomato" decide they are going to stop him... forgettable direct to video nonsense...
there was nothing of value in the original movie, this one was even lamer. the fact that i even found it to rent was absolutely amazing. anyone connected to this film has to be high on something! so what was the story line? what was with the girl? was the viewer supposed to get the story line in the first four minutes of the film. sadly, i tried several times to watch this. i even borrowed a kid from someone to get some feedback. kid said it was stupid, and he was four years old. i find that possibly some credit could go to the filming director, as possibly some of the shots made the movie more than a b film. that might be pushing it. i did love the theme song. good thing it was only a dollar, it was worth it. i suppose you might enjoy the film if you were high as the cast and crew would have to be. is pot legal in france?
as an altman fan, i'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant. big mistake. this is one of altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. it doesn't. as maltin points out, this turkey is notable only for the debut performance of alfre woodard, who outshines the vets all around her. but other than that, avoid at all costs. (which is pretty easy to do -- it's never been released on video -- to my knowledge -- and its cable appearances have the frequency of halley's comet.)
what an insult to olivia d'abo who plays the film's heroine, robin, to have keanu reeves appear so large on the box art of the film (and at least on recent reissues, to have only reeves appear on the box), considering that she was the star. i realize that it is his name that will ultimately sell this long-forgotten after school special, but at least give the woman some credit. despite that, this has to be one of the worst teen sports-themed films that i have ever seen, and it strives very hard to add not only every teen and sports movie cliché from the class warfare between the feuding gymnasts to the teen romance. and, in striving to somehow deliver itself as an amateur alternative of flashdance (with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes is even quite close to michael sembello's notable 'maniac' which was made famous by flashdance, or was it the other way around?). it includes similar dance sequences and worse yet, even the 80s dance and sports traditions of corny dance-offs between the heroine and her antagonist(s), the one who doubts her successes and abilities on the team. we saw this in trashin' (a vert ramp joust) and rad (bmx dancing at the prom, although it wasn't much for competition, but rather for fun) for example. in fact, this movie is chock full of unrealistic corniness, such as the somewhat homo-erotic rolling in the clothes at the salvation army with robin and her friend from the team. nonetheless, the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background. to top it off in a massive need to squeeze from audiences as much sympathy as possible, she lives with her ailing mother, her obnoxious sister, and her careless (and slightly abusive) stepfather. needless to say, homelife is not so appealing. add to the mix, a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the nuisance of her arrogant, snobby teammates, and a coach who also eventually doubts her abilities to compete well). and, of course, we can't forget that she's got eyes for one of the pretty boy preppies who is dating one of the obnoxious teammates, nor that she doesn't have a steady boyfriend (although keanu as tommy later enters the picture). could this kid be any more pathetic? and it seems that one mess after another comes along to embarrass herself in her painfully long, redundant, and clichéd quest to prove her worth to everyone. but, even the major moments of cheesiness which comprise most of the film, are hardly worth mentioning considering that the biggest distraction to this film is the horrible acting and dialog. (i like how the gym coach suddenly appears at the diner in the middle of the dance-off to scold the teammates). it makes episodes of 'amazing stories' look like shakespeare. i imagine anyone able to locate this film and watch it these days is probably drawn to it mostly because of the nostalgic factor. for that you might be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. so, caveat emptour.
it's not really about gymnastics; swap out the occasional training montages and it could just as easily be about archery, or microbiology, or a booger-flicking tournament. instead, like every other rocky/flashdance derivative that flooded the 80s market, it's about conquering adversity with stick-to-it-iveness, rendering all social/personal realities irrelevant by your lonesome - with love interest standing by of course. ronald reagan top to bottom, in short; so as a piece of cinema it's down to the details. some of the actors are quirky enough to liven things up - especially the love interest, brought to you by none other than mr. keanu reeves, warming up for ted; heroine olivia d'abo's hateful alkie dad and big-hair stepsister are more interesting than the sickly mom or her utterly inert bitch-nemeses/teammates, one of whom appears to be made of porcelain. it's my instinct to be appalled by the comic-relief black guys, but on the other hand at least they're in the movie. but d'abo doesn't quite convince with her awkward-girl shtick, and in the absence of any other narrative focus the lack of interest in the gymnastics themselves really does matter; it's all just bodies hurtling around, and not only is the outcome of the big tournament a foregone conclusion, it's all performed by an obvious double.
i only today, picked this up at the 99 cents only store today, and i still think i got ripped off. "dream to believe" is a pretty boring and unrealistic gymnastics drama and $1 is just too freakin' expensive for this. this film is probably only notable for 2 things: 1. it has a young keanu reeves. and 2. it's directed by paul lynch, the man who also did promo night. now onto the movie. it's about a girl named robin (played by olivia d'abo) who is badly injured from a car accident that also cost her father's life. so the accident prevents her from competing in gymnastic tournaments, she is often picked on during her classes and eventually she meets some wild kid named tommy (played by keanu.) robin, when not in training, works part-time, along with her mother and stepsister, at a laundromat owned by her abusive stepfather. eventually she is chosen to compete. overall, keanu alone and some catchy 80s tunes are what prevent me from giving this 1 star, and it's also not one of the worst movies ever, but still far from good. the dvd itself is not getting any medals either as it appears to be sourced from an old vhs and towards the end, the sound goes out of sync and when the end credits are almost over, it fades to black, even though sound can still be heard. so this can probably be passed as a bootleg. the dvd artwork makes no sense either as it has what appears to be recent photos of keanu and olivia and the background has nothing to do with the movie, as it's also not in the movie itself, so the cover's obviously photoshopped. in any case, avoid at all costs, unless you're a keanu fanatic. i probably won't be hanging to it any longer. i'm probably gonna give it to the cinema snob, who's a great yt critic btw. hey, if any of you have any crappy movies that they no longer want in their sight, feel free to donate to him to keep his show running.
to movie,this movie felt like one of those after school specials,only lower budget and lower everything else.i guess this was supposed to an inspirational movie of some sort,but it didn't work for me.yet some how it comes across as preachy.it has very pale shades of flash dance,but so what?there just isn't any excitement in this movie.the dialogue is contrived and clichéd to death.of course,the whole movie feels like a bad 80's cliché.the acting was less than stellar,though that has a lot to do with what the actors were given(or in this case-not)to work with.on top of that is the poor song choices,with really bad lyrics.i felt embarrassed for all the actors involved.they are all talented,but you can't tell from this movie.this is just my opinion of course,but i have to give flying aka dream to believe a 1/10
what was an exciting and fairly original series by fox has degraded down to meandering tripe. during the first season, dark angel was on my weekly "must see" list, and not just because of jessica alba. unfortunately, the powers-that-be over at fox decided that they needed to "fine-tune" the plotline. within 3 episodes of the season opener, they had totally lost me as a viewer (not even to see jessica alba!). i found the new characters that were added in the second season to be too ridiculous and amateurish. the new plotlines were stretching the continuity and credibility of the show too thin. on one of the second season episodes, they even had max sleeping and dreaming - where the first season stated she biologically couldn't sleep. the moral of the story (the one that hollywood never gets): if it works, don't screw with it! azjazz
awful, simply awful. it proves my theory about "star power." this is supposed to be great tv because the guy who directed (battlestar) titanica is the same guy who directed this shlop schtock schtick about a chick. b o r i n g. find something a thousand times more interesting to do - like watch your tv with no picture and no sound. 1/10 (i rated it so high b/c there aren't any negative scores in the imdb.com rating system.) -zaphoid ps: my theory about "star power" is: the more "star power" used in a show, the weaker the show is. (it's called an indirect proportionality: quality 1/"star power", less "sp" makes for better quality, etc. another way to look at it is: "more is less.") -z
god, i was bored out of my head as i watched this pilot. i had been expecting a lot from it, as i'm a huge fan of james cameron (and not just since "titanic", i might add), and his name in the credits i thought would be a guarantee of quality (then again, he also wrote the leaden strange days..). but the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration. in all that time, it barely went beyond its two line synopsis, and i would be very hard pressed to try to figure out any kind of coherent plot out of all the mess of strands that went nowhere. on top of that, i don't think the acrobatics outdid even those of any regular "a-team" episode. as for alba, yes, she is gorgeous, of course, but the fact that she only displays one single facial expression the entire movie (pouty and surly), makes me also get bored of her "gal wit an attitude" schtick pretty soon. you can count me out of this one, mr. cameron!
wow, here it finally is; the action "movie" without action. in a real low-budget setting (don't miss the hilarious flying saucers flying by a few times) of a future seattle we find a no-brain hardbody seeking to avenge her childhood. there is nothing even remotely original or interesting about the plot and the actors' performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempts to steal from other movies, mainly "matrix" without having the money to do it right. yes, we do get to see some running on walls and slow motion shoot-outs (45 secs approx.) but these scenes are about as cool as the stupid hardbody's attempts at making jokes about male incompetence now and then. and, yes, we are also served a number of leads that lead absolutely nowhere, as if the script was thought-out by the previously unseen cast while shooting the scenes. believe me, it is as bad as it possibly can get. in fact, it doesn't deserve to be taken seriously, but perhaps i can make some of you not rent it and save your money.
i'm trying to picture the pitch for dark angel. "i'm thinking matrix, i'm thinking bladerunner, i'm thinking that chick that plays faith in angel, wearing shiny black leather - or some chick just like her, leave that one with us. only - get this! - we'll do it without any plot, dialogue, character, decent action or budget, just some loud bangs and a hot chick in shiny black leather straddling a big throbbing bike. fanboys dig loud bangs and hot chicks in shiny black leather straddling big throbbing bikes, right?" flashy, shallow, dreary, formulaic, passionless, tedious, dull, dumb, humourless, desultory, barely competent. live action anime without any action, or indeed any life. sf just the way joe fanboy likes it, in fact. :(
lillian hellman's play, adapted by dashiell hammett with help from hellman, becomes a curious project to come out of gritty warner bros. paul lukas, reprising his broadway role and winning the best actor oscar, plays an anti-nazi german underground leader fighting the fascists, dragging his american wife and three children all over europe before finding refuge in the states (via the mexico border). they settle in washington with the wife's wealthy mother and brother, though a boarder residing in the manor is immediately suspicious of the newcomers and spends an awful lot of time down at the german embassy playing poker. it seems to take forever for this drama to find its focus, and when we realize what the heart of the material is (the wise, honest, direct refugees teaching the clueless, head-in-the-sand americans how the world has suddenly changed), it seems a little patronizing--the viewer is quite literally put in the relatives' place, being lectured to. lukas has several speeches in the third-act which undoubtedly won him the academy award, yet for the much of the picture he seems to do little but enter and exit, enter and exit. as his spouse, bette davis enunciates like nobody else and works her wide eyes to good advantage, but the role doesn't allow her much color. their children (all with divergent accents!) are alternately humorous and annoying, and geraldine fitzgerald has a nothing role as a put-upon wife (and the disgruntled texture she brings to the part seems entirely wrong). the intent here was to tastefully, tactfully show us just because a (wwii-era) man may be german, that doesn't make him a nazi sympathizer. we get that in the first few minutes; the rest of this tasteful, tactful movie is made up of exposition, defensive confrontation and, ultimately, compassion. it should be a heady mix, but instead it's rather dry-eyed and inert. ** from ****
the characters are cliched and predictable, with everyone being either snow-white pure or wholly evil. the acting is too stilted for it to be bad in an amusing, over-the-top way. it's doubly disappointing if you're a bette davis fan, because her character is not a typically fun bette-davis-type character; she just gets to frown pensively a lot. on the whole, neither my wife nor i found the movie to be interesting, moving or enjoyable at all.
it as absolutely incredible to me that anyone could make the comment that this film is not preachy. it is not only oppressively preachy, but absurd, stagebound, dramatically straight-jacketed, and painfully overwrought. watching it, one feels like an 8 year old child being punished by having to write "i will not become a fascist" on the blackboard 100 times. now i understand that it was made during the height of ww2, and was intended to be a brave condemnation of hitler and the terrible suffering he brought about, (which anyone would whole-heartedly applaud) and i'm sure it accurately captured the mood of the day. but it is presented in such an immature, over-obvious, sledgehammer way, it fails abysmally as a work of art. the only good performances here are from paul lukas, who brings sincerity and intensity to his role as a quietly heroic anti-fascist; and lucile watson as the amusingly ill-mannered rich grandmother who slowly comes to realize how dangerous the world has become. though their rootless upbringing has subjected them to all kinds of hardships, the children are ridiculously shown as robotically well-behaved little snips. they do not even remotely resemble real human beings. and bette davis, a great actress, here is so one dimensionally noble i cringed every time she was on screen. her every word, her every gesture is meant to convey how supportive and understanding she is of the sacrifices her husband has to make and the great cause he is fighting for, that she must've been wired to receive a painful electric shock if she dared allowed any hint of doubt or shading to surface in her portrayal. so yes, this is a very important film, just not a very good one.
there seems to be little in the way of middle ground where watch on the rhine is concerned. one either likes it very much, applauding its sincerity, its liberal point of view and fine acting, or else loathes its obvious propaganda, mediocre dialogue, cardboard characters and overall tendentiousness. i fall very much in the latter category, and found the film and play,--concerning the activities of european refugees in washington during wartime--a crushing bore, worthwhile mostly for the acting, and even then only intermittently. that author lillian hellman was on the side of the angels is irrelevant. her plays were written for people who shared her point of view, and she seldom explored ideas that weren't already held by the author and audience except to point out how dreadful the "other side" is. even when i find myself in one hundred percent agreement with what she has to say,--as in rhine--i still can't stand the way she says it. her characters are unreal, and while her ear for dialogue shows a certain facility for the way people talk she possesses no real brilliance or originality. she really had nothing new to say. i thoroughly agree with the late mary mccarthy's long overdue dismantling of hellman reputation some years ago. for those who think the theatre is dead or in extremis and yearn for the good old days, i urge a peek at watch on the rhine, as bad in its way as angels in america, which only goes to show that the theatre had one foot in the grave sixty years ago.
the sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine. this movie is no cabarnet and certainly no casablanca. i agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are an unfortunate mutation that now plagues us nightly in sit-coms and the dialogue is stilted and preachy. but let's look at the obsolete theme of the movie. with the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom. since watch on the rhine, author lillian hellman has been exposed as a bidenesque plagiarist with her so called real-life story "julia" from her book "pentimento". as one of the most odious of a plethora of western-based ussr apologists, it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir america to action to save the bloody soviet dictator stalin and international communism from the fascists, who had just proved their military superiority in spain. as one reviewer correctly noted, this is not a pro-american play and movie, as lillian went to her grave an american-loathing communist. this film chronicles that familiar smug stupidity of the intellectual elites that made up the american left then, just as now the full mooner left of the daily kos and michael moore has bought into the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy america.
when i was younger i really enjoyed watching bad television. we've all been guilty of it at some time or another, but my excuse for watching things like "buck rogers in the 25th century" and "silver spoons" is this: i was young and naive; ignorant of what makes a show really worthwhile. thankfully, i now appreciate the good stuff. stargate sg-1 is not good. the 12 year-old me would love every hackneyed bit of it, every line of stilted dialogue, every bit of needless technobabble. the writing is beyond insipid; so bland and uninspired it makes one miss star trek: voyager. if your show makes me long for the worst trek show ever, you're in trouble. the film stargate is a wonderful guilty pleasure, anchored by two solid performances by james spader and kurt russell, full of fascinating egyptian architecture and culture, a wonderful musical score, and cool sci-fi ideas. with the exception of a little of the original music, none of what made the film fun appears in this show. even richard dean anderson, who made macgyver watchable and legend interesting, seems like he's half asleep most episodes. the budget must have been very low because the sets sometimes look like somebody's basement. the cinematography isn't much better, as vanilla and dull as the scripts. it amazes me that shows with a lot more style (like farscape) and substance (like the reimagined battlestar galactica) have smaller, less rabid fanbases than this pap. it just doesn't deserve it.
i cannot believe how popular this show is. i consider myself an avid sci-fi fan. i have read countless sci-fi novels and have enjoyed many sci-fi movies and tv shows. i really wouldn't even consider this true sci-fi. every episode i have sat through was like a lame, watered down version of a star trek episode, minus anything that might make it interesting or exciting. it's basically a bunch of people standing around in army fatigues, talking about something boring, who occasionally go through the stargate and end up on a planet that looks just like earth, with people who look and sound just like humans! it seemed extremely low budget. the characters are all forgettable one dimensional cutouts, and the many attempts at humor fall flat. it reminds me when you see a commercial with a famous athlete in it, trying to be funny, but he is not. it is just sad. the movie was terrible as well. there is so much you can do with a portal through space, yet every place the army people go is boring! this shows no imagination! i actually thought the tv series "alien nation" from a few years back (based on the movie alien nation) was much better. that show actually had good story lines and decent characters. i wasn't crazy about "alien nation", but compared to this overrated crap, it was great! also, unlike the great new "battlestar galactica" series, "stargate" copied the look and feel of the lame movie too closely! they should have at least updated the cheesy "toilet flushing" special effect of whenever somebody goes through the stargate.
im watching it now on pink (serbia tv station) and i must say this is a crap. shallow, no acting, effects too sloppy i mean, who made this series? this was a stupid attempt of the studios to make some more money on the success of the film. ok. the film was great in 1994 when it came out. but the series? some times you can see how idiotic the lines are in the speech of the characters. i mean, did they actually pay someone to write that, was that someones relative at the studio? this is no scifi. the film was the bomb, the series suck.
having seen the first ten episodes, i must say this show sucks. what bothers me the most, is that the show was shot in canada. i know it's cheaper, but they should have shot it in california, so we could have had scenes in the desert. that would have been more true to the movie. the first scene where they are outside in another world is in the mountains, with lots of pinetrees where it looks cold. that does'nt feel very egyptian. what worked so well in the movie was that it felt like you were in the ancient egypt. here it feels like they're running around fighting aliens in a canadian forrest. and it's so lame that appaerantly, on other planets, the fall comes as well. you can see leaves on the ground in the forrests that all look like forrests outside vancouver. it just makes the show even more unbelievable and dumb. and then there is richard dean anderson. he is no kurt russel. sure he does a decent job and he tries to copy russels performance a little bit, but he is just not as cool as russel. and not nearly as good an actor as russel. and russells way of playing o neill, well he was much more cynical. andersons o neil, is way too soft. i liked it that russels version just did'nt give a s*** and had no trouble detonating the bomb until the very end of the movie. michael shanks does a really good job as jackson though taking over from james spader. teal'c is a really annoying character. he is jaffa. not a jaffa. just jaffa. aaaarrgh!! a former bodyguard of a pathetic ra character, seen only in the pilot and in one other episode so far. teal'c speaks talks and acts like a robot. i've seen better acting from jean claude van damme. and the fact that teal'c and the ra character and the people they saved in the movie, can speak english all of a sudden is also incredibly dumb. what made the aliens so scary in the movie was that they spoke an ancient language and were real monsters. as for the special effects, they are really good in the pilot. but the very rare effects in the actual show are badly done and looks cheap. especially a planet they visit with crystals. it's so obvious they walk around on a soundstage with a badly made painting in the background. it's an insult to us viewers that they made it look so cheap. especially when they could have made it in front of a bluescreen with cgi backgrounds. the x-files had better effects when they aired their first episodes in 1993. that was 4 years before sg-1 started. and they did'nt have the apparent two million dollar budget per episode, that sg-1 supposedly had. they must have spend all the money on catering. because i don't see it on the screen. incredibly boring and pointless show, that could have been great if they had shot the show in hollywood with a bigger budget and better writers and better characters.
1 how is it that everyone can understand each other perfectly without devices like universal translators or translator microbes? did the creators of this show realize that people who were taken from different parts of the earth, in different time frames (attilla the hun wasn't a contemporary of preliterate hellenic cultures, nor were the vikings contemporary to the pyramid builders) speak different languages and can never develop a language so similar to modern day english(except for the inflections they "do not" use), which has been influenced by latin, ancient greek, danish and french? 2 cultural differences can't be overcome so easily, trust has to be won, yet everywhere the team arrives they are welcomed without any suspicion and start ordering people around like they are their appointed leaders. of course real fans would comment that they are perceived as gods. the people they meet should be shocked by their technology and accuse them of witchcraft and the like. 3 historical background: none. visually it might vaguely remind you of greek or viking culture, but anyone can dress in a bunch of tablecloths or run to a local costume rental for a plastic helmet with horns and claim to look the part. a small-town theater group probably has better props. 4 boring! another lame canuck production, which inexplicably ran for ten long years. as a kids show it could make the grade, but anyone who has a little knowledge about human behavior and language couldn't bear to even watch the first twelve episodes of season 1, like i just did. i very much wanted to believe i had found a decent sci-fi show, otherwise i would shut it of and cleansed my computer of this refuge after the first five minutes!
the episodic version of robert heinlein's starship troopers plays out at a deathly slow pace, following johnny rico leaving his parents, the (not very attractive) girl he lusts for, and joining the mobile infantry. the aliens in the show are nothing like the barbaric bugs from the film, instead being squid-like monsters that shoot lasers out of their mouths. throughout watching this version, i was continually amazed at just how fruity they've managed to make the whole thing. the show is concerned mostly with the relationships between the recruits, and the aching, prolonged gazes they give each other through their battle armour visors, with 80s synth pop sometimes arriving *during* the sparse battle sequences which at last turning up in the final few episodes. in terms of construction, it owes a debt to top gun, sharing much in terms of pacing and content (and all that implies).
you'd better choose paul verhoeven's even if you have watched it.
the plot of this terrible film is so convoluted i've put the spoiler warning up because i'm unsure if i'm giving anything away. the audience first sees some man in jack the ripper garb murder an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. then we're up to modern day and a young australian couple is looking for a house. we're given an unbelievably long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. some 105 year old woman lived there. there are also large iron panels covering a wall in the den. an old fashioned straight-razor falls out when they're renovating and the husband keeps it. i guess he becomes possessed by the razor because he starts having weird dreams. oh yeah, the couple is unable to have a baby because the husband is firing blanks. some mold seems to be climbing up the wall after the couple removes the iron panels and the mold has the shape of a person. late in the story there is a plot about a large cache of money & the husband murders the body guard & a co-worker and steals the money. his wife is suddenly pregnant. what the hell is going on?? who knows?? nothing is explained. was the 105 year old woman the child of the serial killer? the baby sister? why were iron panels put on the wall? how would that keep the serial killer contained in the cellar? was he locked down there by his family & starved to death or just concealed? who is mr. hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels?? he's never seen again. why was the serial killer killing people? we only see the one old man murdered. was there a pattern or motive or something?? why does the wife suddenly become pregnant? is it the demon spawn of the serial killer? has he managed to infiltrate the husband's semen? and why, if the husband was able to subdue and murder a huge, burly security guard, is he unable to overpower his wife? and just how powerful is the voltage system in australia that it would knock him across the room simply cutting a light wire? and why does the wife stay in the house? is she now possessed by the serial killer? is the baby going to be the killer reincarnated? this movie was such a frustrating experience i wanted to call my pbs station and ask for my money back! the only enjoyable aspect of this story was seeing the husband running around in just his boxer shorts for a lot of the time, but even that couldn't redeem this muddled, incoherent mess.
...that jamie foxx would ever deliver such a wonderful, oscar-winning performance. one of the reasons why i was so impressed with foxx's performance in "ray" was because from watching his hammy, obnoxious acting in movies like "bait" and "booty call," i would never imagine he would ever hold the oscar. if people told me five years ago that jamie foxx was one day going to win an oscar, i would laugh right in their faces. who knows? maybe he's better off sticking to drama, because if you watch "bait," it's clearly evident that comedy is not his forte. i swear, jamie mugs so much in this movie that i'm surprised his face didn't fall off. and why does he have to do those stupid voices at every chance he gets? anyone familiar with comedians like bob newhart and steven wright knows that doing comedy doesn't require being loud and obnoxious. if a joke is funny, it's funny. if it's not funny, then doing some crazy accent is not going to make it any funnier. the problem i have with some comedians who decide to try acting is that they favor getting laughs over being in character. in real life, normal people don't always have witty comebacks and quips. like albert brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "taxi driver," it's important to be funny as your character, rather than be funny as a comedian. a prime example of jamie violating that rule is the nauseatingly awful scene where his mug shots are being taken, and he starts posing for the photographs like a model. if a regular person were being thrown in jail, would he really be acting goofy while having his mug shots taken? and wouldn't the police try to scold him if he was? there are many scenes like that throughout the film. another awful sequence is one where jamie is on the unwittingly on the phone with the villain, and he starts doing a phony caribbean accent. not funny! not to mention jamie never seems to acknowledge the timing of a joke. giving a comedic performance requires patience, whereas he goes straight to the punchline, whether it's the right time for it or not. i'm not even a big mike epps fan, but even his performance is good in comparison to jamie's. as a matter of fact, this is the first time i felt somewhat relieved whenever he would appear on screen. epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more low-key approach. one of the few bright spots in this clunker of a comedy is david morse, a highly underrated actor mostly known for his supporting roles as villains. he seems to be the only actor in the film concerned with grounding it in reality. however, fellow "green mile" star doug hutchison is disgustingly over-the-top as the villain. a big surprise, considering he gave a superb performance in "the green mile," also playing a heavy. antoine fuqua has proved his directing chops in movies like "the replacement killers" and "training day." even in "bait," he shows he can direct a hell of an action sequence. his only problem seemed to be in disciplining jamie foxx, who probably improvised half the script with one bad joke after another. unless you're a die-hard fan of foxx, please don't take the bait.
after a day at work, i sat down to relax and turned on the movie channels. the movie came up on the guide and sounded interesting so i tuned in just before it started. the first 30 minutes were enough to make me interested, but the lack of acting ability in jamie foxx and the slow plot movement made me want to get up and find food during the movie. if there is any credit to be given for acting in this movie it should go to david morse who at least tries to make the movie interesting. all in all, don't plan on impressing your friends by picking this one as a renter for a movie night.
jamie foxx is my favorite comedian. however, i feel that he sold out in order to gain his first big budget lead role. foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of chris tucker, martin lawrence and dave chapple, who have all seen their talents wasted by stereotyping producers who think black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (see: money talks, blue streak). okay i laughed a few times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, but i would love to see these guys branch out ala marlon wayans portrayal in requiem to a dream. or in living color's tommy davidson and damon wayans moving performances in spike lee's satire bamboozled.
jamie foxx is fun but this movie has been done before. the bad guy plays a "malkovichian" character from "in the line of fire". the cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf...
well, i can and will be very short. this is a wrong-balanced, non-convincing film that could have been a little bit better. the script seems to not know which way to go ... from funny to cliche-wise serious... it's a bit silly. that plus too much sentences we have heard before "the hacker is in florida, or no, he is in madrid, no he is in ... , he is screwing the signal". 4 out of 10
photography was too jumpy to follow. dark scenes hard to see. had good story line too bad it got lost somewhere. too noisy for what was really happening bottom line is it's a baddddd movie
this is the first time i ever saw a movie with jamie foxx, and i bet it will be my last. i failed to see why he was funny, although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying "i am going to take a shower". the plot is completely predictable. the bad guy comes after the good guy. the good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. in between, the officials screwing up. the final scenes are utterly unbelievable. you spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle? there's no great acting, there isn't much of a plot or storyline, and the shooting is done mtv style. don't waste your money on this one.
i love jamie foxx. and i enjoy 99% of all movies i see. and i walked out of this one. now, i admit, it may have had something to do with the two middle-aged white women in the back of theatre who laughed at every little thing ("oh no, jamie's knocking on a door! hee hee hee!"), but... this was just so incredibly annoying. there could be no sustained camera shot, and no camera shot from a conventional angle... everything had to be in-your-face, loud, and annoying. the bad guy tried to be smooth and malkovich-like, but at this point, it's just old and tired. he brought nothing new or interesting. from all the characters, too many lines you saw coming, too many you've heard before, and too many "tough guy" lines... and i don't mind that sort of thing, really, as long as there's a bit of originality to it. in fact, pretty much the entire supporting cast just sucked. i love jamie foxx, and i think he's really funny, and i thought he was funny in this movie... but not nearly funny enough for me to endure everything else. this movie needed less shoot-em-up, less annoying camera shots, more emotion, more feeling, and more jamie foxx. i gave it a 2.
what? is jamie foxx supposed to be funny?does he really believe he is funny?well, it's funny watching his confidence in being funny.the man has no identity whatsoever...i mean you can immediately see who his idols are, denzel washington and martin lawrence, because he tries really hard to imitate them in most of his movies.the only problem is that he does it bad, uneven, and what comes out are some parts where he somewhat looks like denzel, with that macho-s**t attitude and then abruptly goes to being martin lawrence, the funny and clumsy-silly comic. there's no personal touch to all that, i mean he contributes nothing to the personality he tries to sell, and i'm sure he has nothing to say personally. he really is mr. dull-boy in person. i was really hoping hollywood, and the black community in america would find somebody better to launch into super stardom, like don cheadle for example, but perhaps the pathetic jamie better represents the generation that remixes the old.
i was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb. i just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at a.i.r. as it was know as back then.thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and i don't have to sit through the whole thing. it was more of a big party than a movie set but hey, the pay was good.attention to detail was not a strong point for this one, but who was going to know.the funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.a lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed i suppose to shave cost and time.but every one was having such a good time who cared!
this is surely one of the worst films ever made and released by a major hollywood studio. the plot is simply stupid. the dialog is written in clichés; you can complete a great many sentences in the script because of this. the acting is ridiculously bad, especially that of rod cameron. the "choreography" is silly and wholly unerotic. one can only pity the reviewer who saw 23-year-old yvonne's dance as sexual; it's merely very bad choreography. the ballet scene in the film's beginning is especially ludicrous. if you are into bad movies and enjoy laughing at some of hollywood's turkeys, this is for you. i bought the colorized version on vhs, making the movie even worse. yvonne's heavy makeup, when colored, has her looking like a clown all the time. and she's the best part of this film. what a way to launch a career.
this film is about british prisoners of war from the world war ii escaping from a camp in germany. i find "the wooden horse" disappointingly boring. the subject could have been thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fuelled, but "the wooden horse" is told in a very plain way. it's a collection of plain and poorly told events, with no suspension and thrill. the first half plainly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, but the events are so plain, with not enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. the latter half of the film is even worse, they are just moving from one place to another without any cat and mouse chase. and could the characters talk a bit less and have more action in an action film! i am disappointed by "the wooden horse", it wasted the potential to be a great film.
early film directed by d.w. griffith; it features a gloriously happy king (arthur v. johnson) and his queen (marion leonard) - but, wait! when the king leaves the scene, his queen makes music with the palace's minstrel (henry b. walthall). when the king discovers the lovers, he decides to enact a horrific edgar allen poe-type revenge. it's difficult to believe the lovers can't hear those plotting against them; although the actors are trying to look alternately noisy (the lovers) and quiet (the cement mixers). the sets make "the sealed room" look very staged. the performances are okay, and the story is easy to follow. *** the sealed room (9/2/09) d.w. griffith ~ arthur v. johnson, henry b. walthall, marion leonard
in contrast to my fellow reviewers, i always try to find something redeeming in any film i see.yes, the quality of the dubbing and lighting is abysmal, the acting is wooden and the opening sequence highly misleading what with all those lascivious female lesbian vampires with blood dripping.something must be lost in the translation of the word "bloodsucker" from the italian in the title; almost as if the producers were originally going to film a gothic vampire tale and then changed their minds but could not afford to give up their dramatic opening sequence, so tacked it onto the film anyway. this film made in 1975 has recently been issued on dvd and comes with its own theatrical trailer which in some respects is more daring than seen in the film!now anyone who buys this film has probably already read its synopsis anyway and knows what to expect - italian softporn from the mid 1970s.i bought it because i am attracted to christa nelli (credited most often as "krista nell").the absence of a cast of characters i find most frustrating in a lot of these eurosleaze films from the 60s & 70s.i had hoped imdb would show the cast of characters as one hears their names in the film but without a cast list, it is very difficult to link them to the actor concerned.i think krista nell played "cora" but underneath that massive hair style, costume and make-up it is difficult to distinguish her for sure. there is mostly a two dimensional portrayal by the actors of their parts and no one really stands out.maybe something is lost in the dubbing process.what were the positive points?well the music was atmospheric and of course if you're into beautiful lesbian soft porn its there.the external locations used were good and i would like to know where they filmed the castle on its island.it purports to be set in "ireland" (north or the republic?)in 1902, so everyone sports period piece costumes.some of the scenes i found unintentionally funny especially those sex scenes!!anyway an enjoyable romp.i rated it 4/10.
(aka: the bloodsucker leads the dance) lots of naked babes in this one with a couple of lesbo scenes thrown in. the film is supposed to take place in ireland but it looks more like rome and the adriatic to me. gothic lesbians get invited to a count's island castle for the weekend. one by one they seem to be missing their heads due to a madperson running around. it's not very scary or bloody and the rooms look like they are lit with floodlights even though candles are lit. go figure...(sic) dubbing is worse than usual and the plot only serves as an excuse for the eroticism and nudity. directed by euro horror actor alfredo rizzo, this is one snoozer. pretty boring 2 out of 10
wow-this one sucks. i'm gonna sum it up as quickly as possible. a count invites 4 naive sluts back to his castle. a bunch of nothing happens for a long time. some lame and un-erotic soft-core sex scenes happen. some girls get their heads cut off (off-screen)-the end. the only things going for this one are the decent looking sets and costumes, some bad dubbing which leads to some unintentionally funny dialogue, and a few brief nudie shots. and believe me-those things are not enough to redeem the 90-minutes of tedium that this film is. in fact-the best part is the tacked on beginning from the distributor that features some slutty goth chicks covered in blood and showing their tits-and again-this is definitely not worth the price of admission for this garbage. as everyone else has noted- the title of the film is completely nonsensical-as there's absolutely no bloodsucking, nor dancing of any sort in the film at all. it may as well have been called 'the goat-raper leads the circle-jerk'-and at least then it would have had a better title that also pertains to nothing in the film. an accurate title would have been '90 minutes of torture'-another alluring title that would have at least been truthful...for the viewer. honestly-the trailer that's on the disc shows all the best parts (and i use the term 'best' extremely loosely...) so i highly suggest watching that instead if you're still curious. i can't imagine anyone liking this wreck of a film-please take my advice and leave this one on the shelf. 2/10
a particularly maligned example of italian cult cinema with a nonsensical title to boot (if anything, the alternate the mark of satan is even less relevant to the plot!), this hybrid of gothic horror and giallo (with a strong dose of erotica) only contrives a flat sort of atmosphere throughout  actually matched by handling which is downright dreadful! here, we get the usual group of people (an acting troupe) stranded on an island (to which they were invited by a count  since he had become enamored of the leading lady, a dead-ringer for his missing spouse)! the characters are pretty much stereotypes: middle-aged but dashing hero (played by giacomo rossi-stuart and whose family history bears more than its share of violent tragedy), demure heroine, sluttish companion (recalling mae west and emerging the most annoying of the lot!), a meek but devoted stage manager (forever chided by one and all for his unmanly behavior!), a couple of lesbians, a mysterious gardener (the ubiquitous luciano pigozzi who, for once, gets in on the action, if you know what i mean), an envious housekeeper (nominal star femi benussi though, for what it is worth, this is really an ensemble piece), a religious fanatic of a butler, an impressionable chambermaid, etc. while the film is not by any means unwatchable, the atrocious dubbing, snail's pace, shoddy production (with the scenes depicting the raging sea lifted from some black-and-white film!) and the fact that the murders only occur within the concluding half-hour do not help matters. besides, marcello giombini's score, though pleasant in itself, comes off as incongruously modern under the circumstances; that said, the revelation proves a surprisingly elaborate one (considering there is surely no shortage of suspects here).
after an initial release of 4 very good eurotrash titles, redemption has managed to scrape the bottom of the barrel with the bloodsucker leads the dance. i found no bloodsuckers anywhere in this movie. the story is simple. a mysterious count invites several actresses to his castle for a little vacation. after some sofcore sexual shenanigans the girls get decapitated one by one. who is the killer? who knows? there are more red herrings in this one than at the local fish market on friday. the pace is excruciating. the story is silly and the skin scenes aren't all that terrific either. give this one a miss.
this movie is not only a very bad movie, with awful actors --or presumed actors--, a bored direction and a story unattractive, it also copies exactly an scene from the excellent "giallio" "torso", directed by sergio martino in 1973 (two years before), one of the most celebrated psycho-thrillers of italian cinema and a cult-movie around the world. in "la sanguinusa conduce la danza", the director replays the bed scene between the black girl and the white girl, with an peeping-tom watching from a window of the bedroom. naturally, the scene in rizzo's movie is ridiculous and inferior to the softness and charming in martino's film. to put another black girl, another white girl and another peeping-tom replaying the scene is simply the most appropriate way of prove that rizzo's movie has no ideas, no originality, no taste, and nothing at all. i think that such things are an offense to spectator.
la sanguisuga conduce la danza, or the bloodsucker leads the dance as i believe is it's common english title, is set on 'ireland' in '1902' where the mysterious count richard marnack (giacomo rossi-stuart) invites soon-to-be out of work theatre actress evelyn (patrizia webley as patrizia de rossi) & three more of her fellow soon-to-be out of work actress friends cora (krista nell), penny (lidia olizzi) & rosalind (marzia damon as caterina chiani) to his castle situated on a small island just off the coast. at first evelyn is reluctant but is persuaded when it is agreed stage hand samuel (leo valeriano) goes along as well. once there count marnack tells his guests that his father & grandfather both cut the heads off their cheating wives using a ceremonial knife & there's a feeling of unease when it turns out that evelyn looks exactly the same as the current count's wife who ran away not too long ago... along with having to worry about weirdo servants it turns out that someone wants to use the knife themselves to chop a few heads off... this italian production was written & directed by alfredo rizzo & is total, complete & utter crap from start to finish. first things first lets start the criticism with the title the bloodsucker leads the dance, lets examine that title because when i do i feel somewhat cheated that there aren't any vampires or any form of bloodsucking whatsoever, no-one 'leads' anything at anytime & there most certainly isn't any dance or dancing so don't expect any of these things. what you should expect though is a tedious, dull, boring pointless little 'giallo' that takes over an hour before anyone is killed & any sort of murder mystery starts to take shape, the first hour of la sanguisuga conduce la danza is as plot less & uninteresting as anything out there. the best way to imagine it is to think of the most boring soft-core porn film you've ever seen, then cut most of the soft-core porn out & that just leaves bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, a tiny bit of soft-core sex & lesbianism & absolutely nothing else. yep, it really is that bad. the mystery elements are crap, people do illogical things for no apparent reason & the overly complicated 'twist' ending is as bad as the rest of it, the sixth sense (1999) this ain't! director rozzi does an ok job & la sanguisga conduce la danza actually has a nice look & feel to it despite it's obvious low budget, i mean there are scenes where he shows a 'storm' raging outside the castle however the stock footage used is in black & white! so the film jumps from bright colour to black & white whenever it cuts to the storm & back to colour again! there is one absolutely hilarious scene where a maid & her friend discuss her breasts & she lets her friend feel them who is then full of compliments, this scene is so funny & just so unnatural that it's priceless & easily the films best moment even if a bad 70's porno would be embarrassed by the dialogue! there is minimal nudity & the sex/lesbian scenes are very tame. forget about any blood or gore as there isn't any apart from a decapitated head. technically the films pretty good, the period setting & production design are actually quite impressive although it's not massive in scope it does the job effectively enough. the film has a nice sense of colour & the cinematography is fine. the film is dubbed so it's hard to give an opinion on the original performances but the voice actors are terrible & the dialogue is even worse than usual. la sanguisuga conduce la danza is a terrible film, it makes no sense, it has virtually no story for over an hour, it has possibly the most misleading title ever & is really dull & boring with a confused stupid 'twist' ending. as far as euro horror fans go there are plenty of much better films than this so please don't waste your time, as for anyone else this is definitely one to avoid. trivia note: the notorious (& banned in the uk) nazi exploitation/horror film horrifying experiments of the s.s last days (1977) aka ss hell camp & the beast in heat was directed by luigi batzella & he has a fairly substantial role as a police detective in la sanguisuga conduce la danza.
the bloodsucker leads the dance - what a laughable title, it's so utterly misleading. it's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one terrible movie. the story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island. very little happens in this film. and when something does wake the viewer from his stupor, it invariably is unintentional comedy in the form of atrocious dialogue delivered by a hopeless group of voice-artists. these guys are so bad they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of remedial-level morons. it really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal. but the voice-artists cannot be blamed for the script. it's a travesty. unintentionally funny at best, pathetic at worst. the story in general is, to say the least, uneven. the women characters are particularly idiotic; the men are either creepy or tedious. the whole enterprise smacks of pure exploitation of the audience. it doesn't remotely deliver what it promises and even when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. all we get is a few half-hearted severed head shots. a few people have said that this movie is a giallo. i cannot agree less with this opinion. anyone who enjoys italian thrillers should give this movie a wide berth as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. it's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. but it's not very erotic either. i can't recommend this to anyone.
the horror channel plays nothing but erotic soft porn gothic flicks each night from 10pm till about 4 in the morning, but their 'scare' factor is very limited, if one exists at all. in fact i am sure i will find a multi-million pound lottery win more scary than anything this channel has to offer. the bloodsucker leads the dance deserves special mention because it is i feel, the undisputed low of a channel full of lows. i cannot even begin to tell you how bad this film is, but for the purpose of completing the minimum 10 lines demanded by this site, i will at least give it a go. firstly the title is misleading and bears no resemblance to the action on the screen. in fact the film might as well have been called 'toothbrush' or 'wallpaper' for all it has to do with the plot. at least they used toothbrushes...at least they had wallpaper. there are no bloodsuckers for miles around and whats even worse there are no dances, not one. i'm sure they were making two different films by mistake here. a more suitable title would have been, 'horny italian count leads five people to a scary castle and bores us silly for ninety minutes.' yes that fits better. the acting is terrible and and the dubbing appalling, and that guy who plays seymour was almost as wooden in his walk as he was in his character....abysmal. the only saving graces of this film are a small but slightly interesting lesbian sex scene, two small and very interesting heterosexual sex scenes, and the added attraction in that every single female character gets her kit off. bonus. otherwise steer a wide birth away from this one. no vampires, no dancing, no scenes of a brutal or gruesome nature and no way on gods earth i will ever, ever, ever watch this one again. no word of a lie, this film could put you off motion pictures for life.
i saw this movie when i was much younger and i thought it was funny. i saw it again last week, and you can guess the result. some funny parts in it, very few and too long. the beginning is the only thing that is funny if you ask me. if you want a total b-movie this is a good pick, but don't expect too much from aliens dwarf size
this is a really dumb movie. it could be fun with the cool looking aliens and the country setting, but it just isn't. some aliens hear the broadcast of war of the worlds when a small country radio station plays it on halloween. they come to earth to kill humans, but instead of killing, they make people their slaves and act goofy. the front cover of the film shows these aliens riding surfboards in space...not really what they do. these aren't party aliens, they are stupid cartoonish idiots with annoying high pitched modulated voices. the alien with the most tolerable voice also happens to be the jack nicholson rip-off alien who always wears his sunglasses. other than the aliens, the acting is terrible. the writing is obviously meant for children, because every character is written like a kid. this is a dumb movie, that only children will appreciate, maybe. my rating: 1/2 out of ****. 100 mins. pg for mild language.
imagine you're a high-school boy, in the back of a dark, uncrowded theater with your girlfriend. how bad would a movie have to be, in order that you would feel compelled to leave the theater and head home before it ended? this movie is that bad. really. movies often become so bad that they're good; this movie is beyond that stage of bad-ness. it is painfully bad. horribly, terribly, crime-against-humanity bad.
this was an incredibly stupid movie. it was possibly the worst movie i've ever had the displeasure of sitting through. i cannot fathom how it ranks a rating of 5 or 6.............
sloppily directed, witless comedy that supposedly spoofs the "classic" 50s "alien invasion" films, but really is no better than them, except of course in the purely technical department (good makeup effects). and any spoof that is worse than its target is doomed to fail ("casino royale", "our man flint" are worse than almost any james bond movie). after two hours of hearing the screeching voices of the aliens, you'll be begging for some peace and quiet. (*1/2)
dysfunctional family goes home for the holidays and murder and mayhem result. violent sexy milligan at his most home made. little better than a home movie (as much of milligans films are) this is a trip into depravity 1960's style. notable for the copious nudity and sex this film is neither sexy nor gruesome, playing now more as quaint.(though decidedly r rated). the film suffers from its uneven cast and from the cheapness of the production.(no one was ever sure where the money went on his movies since he was always broke). its a bad bad movie thats not worth seeing except as a milligan completeist or because its got some good looking people fooling around.
if you're after the real story of early baroque painter artemisia gentileschi, you'll be disappointed- however if you're after a reasonably crafted bodice ripper with an art theme, you've found you're movie. this film is such a foundationally inaccurate depiction of artemisia gentileschi's life that it almost made me weep. (type in artemisia inaccuracies in google and check out some of the fact vs. fiction articles.) from a purely technical point of view though, the film was alright: the sets, costumes, and especially the chiaroscuro lighting helped create an immersive early 17th century experience; although the above mentioned glaring factual inaccuracies let it down a bit. i wonder how the director/co-writer agnès merlet defended her film at the time? perhaps she refused to portray artemisia as a victim, which would've been unfortunate, because lets face it, she was.
as others have noted, this movie is criminally inaccurate in its portrayal of the artist's life and i for one was very annoyed and offended... by its transformation of her rape into a tragic love affair, by the implication that her rapist was responsible for 'awakening her talent,' by its complete disregard for her work, by the way it turned her into a sex object, on and on, you get the idea. also, i find it disturbing that people who aren't familiar with gentileschi will see this film and walk away with that kind of impression of her.
artemesia takes the usual story about the art world, eg, "you can't paint that! but i want to!" and plasters it with sex and scandal to make the whole film, well, interesting, but not remarkable. the story is about one of the first female painters around, artemesia who course, is fiercely independent, but just can't stop thinking of men, and their bodies for artistic purposes of course. she soon gets private tutoring from one of a well known artist, but soon tutoring becomes much more then art, and soon after that, scandal erupts! funny how they could take a historical biography and make it almost into a soft-porn fantasy. i mean, was artemesia that much of a man-hungry person? also, it's quite funny when she's insisting that she "paints for herself!" yet falls for the first person she sees. actually, the story itself is quite fascinating, and it ends with a trial, which i always love. but i wasn't too crazy about the male lead who played her teacher, who looked rather like the person someone like that wouldn't fall for. i woulda gone for the young fisherman :p
the acting is good, the women are beautiful, and the men are handsome, so if you're looking for well-acted soft porn, this movie is for you. otherwise, you are wasting your time. the motivation of the main characters, in particular the eponymous lead, is often a mystery. she could have just told the truth - the truth as presented in the film, not necessarily the historical truth - and her lover would have been spared time in jail for a rape he did not commit. was she protecting her father, who went off half-cocked, as it were, when he impetuously instigated a malicious lawsuit? was she protecting herself, with her reputation suddenly of concern when heretofore only her art seemed to matter? during the trial, this strong-willed woman turns to mush before our eyes. conversely, her lover, who starts off as a narcissistic jerk, becomes a selfless hero during the trial. at least his motivation is clearer: he sacrifices himself for love. naturally, since no good deed must go unpunished, we are told that she never sees him again.
an awful film! it must have been up against some real stinkers to be nominated for the golden globe. they've taken the story of the first famous female renaissance painter and mangled it beyond recognition. my complaint is not that they've taken liberties with the facts; if the story were good, that would perfectly fine. but it's simply bizarre -- by all accounts the true story of this artist would have made for a far better film, so why did they come up with this dishwater-dull script? i suppose there weren't enough naked people in the factual version. it's hurriedly capped off in the end with a summary of the artist's life -- we could have saved ourselves a couple of hours if they'd favored the rest of the film with same brevity.
what did the director think? everybody who has read the biography of artemisia is left impressed by her guts to face a public rape trial in renaissance times and even suffer torture in order to show that tassi was guilty. that fact shows the real independence and emancipation - in her most terrible hour she stands her man. why do movies depicting renaissance have to be so clinically beautiful and romantic, are we afraid to see the gritty side of life or has the hollywood happy-happy-mood won? while i would always defend a director's freedom to create his own reality in a movie i cannot make sense of turning artimisia's life story on its head. very disappointing choice by the makers of this film.
this flick was a blow to me. i guess little girls should aspire to be nothing more than swimsuit models, home makers or mistresses, since that seems to be all they'll ever be portrayed as anyway. it is truly saddening to see an artist's work and life being so unjustly misinterpretated. inconcievably (or perhaps it should have been expected), artemisia's entire character and all that she stands for, had been reduced to a standard hollywood, female character; a pitiful, physically flawless, helpless little creature, displaying none of the character traits that actually got her that place in history which was being mutilated here. sadder yet, was to see that a great part of the audience was too badly educated in the area to comprehend the incredible gap between the message conveyed in the film, and reality. to portray the artist as someone in love with her real-life rapist, someone whom she in reality accused of raping her even when under torture, just plain pisses me off. if the director had nothing more substantial to say she should have refrained from basing her story on a real person.
when i saw the preview, i thought: this is going to be a great movie. and indeed it could have been. the actress playing the main character was very credible, and the beauty of the filming is undeniable. however the dialogues cast a dark shadow on the whole picture. the level of language was too familiar and too contemporary for an action taking place in 1610, and it took away most of the magic of the film. however, i must congratulate the translator, because the english sub-titles were more refined and appropriate that the original french cues, and it probably explains the good rating the movie received on the imbd!
i was disgusted by this movie. no it wasn't because of the graphic sex scenes, it was because it ruined the image of artemisia gentileschi. this movie does not hold much truth about her and her art. it shows one piece of art work that she did (judith beheading holofernese) but shows that being entered as testimony in the rape trial when she did not paint her first judith for a year after the trial. i don't know if you understood this from the movie, probably not, tassi was not a noble character. he raped artemisia. it was not love, it was rape. he did not claim to accept false charges of rape to stop her from suffering while she was tortured. according to the rape transcripts he continued to claim that he never carnally knew artemisia (aka had sex with) while she states over and over again "it's true". i encourage all of you people to go out and find about the real artemisia and see what she is really about. don't base all of your knowledge on this fictional movie. i encourage you to do some research, artemisia really does have interesting story behind her and some amazing art work. don't see the movie, but find out the true story of artemisia.
i didn't think the french could make a bad movie, but i was, clearly, very wrong. as has been said before, this film essentially uses its title character as a point of departure; its portrayal of her life and person have little or nothing to do with the real artemisia gentileschi. the script is awful -- pretentious, stilted, and vapid -- and its rewriting of the facts is unusually offensive even in a genre that all too often makes its living by distorting, rather than retelling, history. along with some fairly decent set design, valentina cervi's physical charms are the primary asset of this movie, and it's obvious from the beginning that the filmmakers were aware of this too; they waste no time in contriving various "erotic" sequences which have far more to do with titillation than with plot or character development. unfortunately, the appeal of seeing a pretty young girl in a state of feigned sexual arousal cannot, and does not, sustain this movie. the acting is unremarkable, and the score is all too generic despite an interesting chord or two. the cinematography is ok, and there are some pretty colors, but there are also some pretty ridiculous sequences using distorted-lens effects more appropriate for a 1960s freakout movie than a costume drama. in any event, the script leaves the camera dwelling all too often on artemisia's body, and all too seldom on her paintings. all told, a near-complete failure. it's not intelligent or tasteful enough to be a serious film, and it's too slow and pretentious to work as soft-core pornography. so the french can fail, after all!
it figures this is a french film, lol, with the emphasis on young girls with much older men...why is it the french are so fixated on this kind of thing? when the age difference is this great, it really comes off as pervy! valentina cervi is beautiful (she bears a strong resemblance to olivia hussey, of zeffirelli's '68 romeo and juliet, set in a similar period), but she looks about 15 and the actor playing tassi, her painting instructor, looks...well, 50 is kind. other posters have done the work of explaining the historical record (unusually detailed in this case) of the real artemisia, a great artist and one of the earliest recognized female painters of this period (17th century). her story speaks to us in modern times particularly because of the age-old accusation that "all great artists were men" -- she pretty much blasts that assertion to bits -- and because the story of her rape trial is so poignant. not only was she clearly assaulted, and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because in those days marriage to your assaulter was the only way to avoid social shame), but tassi was a serial rapist and possibly killed his wife and child. the movie does a terrible disservice by inverting this truly fascinating and remarkable real life story -- very dramatic and not in need of any "spicing up" -- because in some weird frencified way, it's "hotter" to have an oversexed teenager drawing male sexual organs and having a hot love affair with a man old enough to be her grandfather. that's "sexy" -- the truth is boring and seems too feminist/politically correct. it also disturbs me that this is only part of artemisia life considered interesting enough to film. the fact that she painted for decades (her famous painting of judith beheading holfernes was painted after, not before the rape), that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious florentine academy, that she went on to have children...oh that's boring stuff. after all, that's about a middle aged woman and they aren't "hot" like teenagers. i understand that there is a lot of creative license in making a film (or a book) about a real historical character. you need to create dialog, have subplots, create dramatic structure. certainly some details can be sacrificed -- it's no big deal if the dates are moved a few years, or if artemisia is played by a blonde actress (when we know from her self portraits that she was a brunette...and a big boned one, not a skinny minny), or something like that. but to turn her story around on her, and make rape into a romance is actually sick and disturbing. it's even worse because the director is female. she should be horribly ashamed of herself! if you like this (and i know some people could care less about the real woman artist and just like period costumes and hot sex), you will probably like "dangerous beauty" with rufus sewell and catherine mccormack. similarly based on heavily re-written history, with lots of heaving bosoms and jewel encrusted goblets: bon appetit!
any time a movie is so myopic in its desire to present a particular ending or viewpoint that it simply doesn't bother with an actual story, it's annoying. those are the types of movies where the ending or viewpoint is conceived first, and the story simply tacked on. for this reason we often talk of the story "jumping through hoops" as it twists about, trying in vain to progress to the preordained ending in a logical fashion. the story in "comet over broadway" doesn't just jump through hoops, it's a three ring circus. it's so ludicrous, so ill-conceived, so disingenuous that, if you are prone to speaking aloud to the screen, you will be carrying on quite a rant before it's through. the central theme of this screenplay cesspool is that of a woman choosing between family and profession. since it's all so horribly muddled it will end up offensive to people of either opinion. so, in the end there's no point to the story, the theme becomes irrelevant and, as is often the case with poor screenplays, the acting doesn't save a thing.
2 stars for kay francis -- she's wonderful! and she didn't deserve this horrible tripe that warner bros. threw her way! the two-pronged premise that this movie is based on is ridiculous and unbelievable in the extreme. kay is a small-town wife and mother who yearns for something bigger: she wants to be an actress. when a big-shot actor comes to town and invites kay to his hotel to talk about possibilities, kay tells her husband she's going to the movies. the hubby's biddy of a mother puts a bug in hubby's ear that kay's not being truthful, and he sets out looking for her. he finds her w/ the actor in the hotel (they are only talking!) and he slugs the guy, who falls over a railing, lands face-first in a pond (lake?), and dies. now here's the two unbelievable premises upon which the rest of the movie is based: 1) the judge tells the jury that if it's determined that the man died *before* his head went into the water, that they must find the hubby guilty of first degree murder. (whaaaaa?????? i think slugging a guy in a fit of rage would count for manslaughter or murder 2 at the most, not first degree murder. give me a break! but the plot required him being found guilty of murder 1 so that he could be sent to prison for life. whatever.) 2) the hubby's lawyer, after the conviction and sentencing, tells kay that it's all her fault. his reasoning is that if she hadn't gone over to the actor's room, then her husband wouldn't have had to go after her and slug the guy and kill him. he tells her that she's the guilty one, not her husband, and she nods and agrees. what. the. hell?!?!?! the rest of the movie is all about kay trying to achieve fame and money in order to get her husband released from prison and right the wrong she committed by causing him to kill the actor dude in the first place. i can't even go on with this review. the movie was just all too painful. four years earlier, in the pre-code days, you'd never have caught kay playing such a wimp! in true kay francis fashion, though, she did do her best to make us believe that this woman was a believable character. i give her much credit for trying to breathe some life and credibility to this thankless role. this character was a far cry from pre-code kay roles and real-life spitfire kay francis. steer way clear of this one! there are much better kay francis vehicles out there! (from personal experience, i can highly recommend mary stevens, md and jewel robbery; also good are dr. monica and one way passage. i'm sure there's other great kay flicks as well, but i'm only mentioning the ones i've seen and can recommend.)
wow, the plot for this film is all over the place! there is so much plot and so many things that happen that it practically made my head spin!! and, as a result, none of it seemed particularly believable. the movie starts with kay francis as a housewife living in a small town. she's had some experience with local theater and has ambitions of going to broadway. when a big-time actor arrives in town, she pursues him in hopes that he can give her a career boost. but, her husband is worried about shenanigans--as this actor is a cad. so, the hubby bursts in on them and hits the actor--and the actor dies! as a result, he's convicted of first degree murder!!! not manslaughter, but murder 1! now, pregnant and in need of funds, kay goes to new york. but broadway jobs aren't to be found, so she's forced to take any job--even burlesque. unable to adequately care for her young daughter, she gives it to another woman to raise. however, eventually she does find a job in a real broadway play and everything looks rosy. but, the jealous diva starring in the play hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown off the play. despondent, she makes her way to england and becomes a real star. years later, she returns to new york to get her kid--but the child is older and thinks the woman caring for her is her real mother. at the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $10,000 he can get the man out of prison. as another reviewer wrote, is this to bribe people?! how can $10,000 get him out otherwise--maybe it will buy a helicopter so they can fly into the prison yard and scoop him up!! wow--this is enough for 2 or 3 films! and, all this occurs by the 45 minute mark!!! believe it or not, there's quite a bit more to it. if you really care, see it yourself to find out how it all unfolds. this is sort of like 'kitchen sink writing'--throwing in practically everything and hoping, somehow, it will all work. unfortunately, the film turns out to be hopelessly unbelievable and mushy despite ms. francis' best efforts. it's the sort of film no one could really have saved thanks to a 2nd-rate plot. it's almost as if someone just took a few dozen plot elements, threw them into a box and then began randomly picking them in order to make a movie!! overall, unless you are a die-hard kay francis fan or love anything hollywood made in the 1930s, this one is one you can easily skip. not terrible but certainly not good. by the way, the child who plays francis' daughter upon her return to new york (sybil jason) really was terrible. i think she was supposed to be...i think.
the competition for the worst warner bros kay francis movie is stiff. i've only seen perhaps eight of them, but comet over broadway is the worst so far. the very best thing about it is that it's short. oh, and the orry-kelly gowns (of course) are fine. james wong howe's cinematography is not. kay francis throughout looks fat-faced and far less attractive than she normally does. minna gombell whom i don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough "burlesque" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). the closing shot - kay francis and her child (when did the child learn that kay francis was her mother? did i doze off?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is beyond ludicrous. the whole film is so cheap, so implausible and so careless that it feels infected by a sour cynicism on the part of everyone who made it: warner bros tossing garbage to dolts who don't know, in warner bros' cynical estimation of them, that what they're getting is garbage.
i read somewhere that when kay francis refused to take a cut in pay, warner bros. retaliated by casting her in inferior projects for the remainder of her contract. she decided to take the money. but her career suffered accordingly. that might explain what she was doing in "comet over broadway." (though it doesn't explain why donald crisp and ian hunter are in it, too.) "ludicrous" is the word that others have used for the plot of this film, and that's right on target. the murder trial. her seedy vaudeville career. her success in london. her final scene with her daughter. no part logically leads to the next part. also, the sets and costumes looked like b-movie stuff. and her hair! turner is showing lots and lots of her movies this month. watch any other one and you'll be doing yourself a favor.
when converting a book to film, it is generally a good idea to keep at least some of the author's intended tone or conveyed concepts, rather than ignoring the author altogether. while it is clear that the director had access to and went on the advice of elinore stewart's children, it is key to note that the children believed their mother to be a complete liar in regards to the good, enriching, strengthening experiences of homesteading her land. the book details her life on her and her husband's adjoining homesteads in the vast wyoming frontier; she chronicles daily adventures with her numerous friends and acquaintances, though they lived dozens of miles apart. the film, however, takes a standard stance for the time it was made, portraying this woman's experience as harsh, unforgiving, and nearly pointless. perhaps the director was bringing some of his vietnam war experiences with him to this movie (as some film aficionados have said), but it seems to be a lousy excuse for taking all the joy and beauty of the book and twisting it into a bleak, odious landscape devoid of friends or hope. don't waste your time with this movie; read the book instead.
one of the most disgusting films i have ever seen. i wanted to vomit after watching it. i saw this movie in my american history class and the purpose was to see an incite on the life of a farmer in the west during the late 1800's. what we saw were pigs being shot and then slaughtered, human birth, branding. oh and at the end there was a live birth of a calf and let me tell you that the birth itself wasn't too bad, but the numerous fluids that came out drove most people in my class to the bathroom. the story itself was ok. the premise of the story is a widow and her daughter and they move to the west to be a house keeper of this cowboy. they live a life of hardship and it is an interesting a pretty accurate view of life in the west during the late 1800's. but if you have a choice, do not see this movie.
i realize that living in the western plains of wyoming during the 1900s was brutal, in fact, it probably is still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to transform into a seemingly "made-for-tv" movie? also, women's rights were still budding in this nation during this time, so to find an independent woman determined to start fresh in this harsh territory, and still show the realism of the era would it make for good viewing? honestly, i don't know. i have thought about this film for the past two days, and i still can't seem to muster the strength to say that it was a horrible film, yet i can truthfully tell you that it wasn't the greatest i have ever seen. from several hodgepodge styles of acting, to two mismatched actors playing devoid of emotion character, to some of the most gruesome pg rated scenes to ever come out of late 70s cinema, it is hard to fully get a good grasp on heartland. was it good? was it bad? that may be up for you to view and decide yourself, but until then, here are moments i enjoyed and desperately hated! this film continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. scenes where i wasn't sure what the director was doing or which direction he was headed, but somehow still seemed to work well as a whole. i thought the story as a whole was a very interesting, historical tale. i do not know much about living in wyoming, especially during the early 1900s, so this film captured that image in my mind. the thought of very cold winters, no neighbors for miles upon miles, and this polaroid-esquire view untouched by corporate america. it was refreshing to witness and sheer breathtaking to experience (though the television). there were scenes that really stood out in my mind, like the cattle-branding scene, the pig slaughtering scene, and the saddening homesteader that didn't survive their journey, that just brought a true sense of realism to this story. director richard pearce did a great job of bringing the view of wyoming to the viewers, but i am not sure he brought decent players to accompany the view. while i will constantly compliment the scenery of this film, i had trouble coping with the actors that seemingly walked on the set and read their lines from cards on the side. rip torn seemed out of place in his role as clyde stewart, a loner that somehow finds a connection with conchata ferrell's elinore randall. the two as actors have no chemistry at all. their scenes that they share together are pointless and honestly void of any emotion. the pregnancy scene nearly had me in stitches because of the way these two "veteran" actors portrayed it. the brave elinore does what she has to do to get the child out of her, while clyde gives an approving nod when she is done. this is love? was it supposed to be love? i don't know, i think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond, but with torn and ferrell, it felt like two actors just playing their parts. other scenes that just seemed to struggle in my mind were ones like when the frozen horse "knocks" on the door for food or shelter, the constantly fading and growing compassion that clyde had for elinore's daughter (i just didn't believe it), the lack of true winter struggle, and the entire land scene. the land scene especially because i needed more explanation on what elinore was doing, why she was doing it, and why clyde would build her a house if they were married! it was these simple events that if taken the time to explore, would have made for a stronger film. overall, i will go middle of the road with this feature. there were definitely elements that should have been explored deeper, such as the relationship between these two strangers and the ultimate homesteading goals of elinore, but they were countered with some beautiful scenes of our nation. these panoramic scenes which, in the span of 100 years, have changes from vast mountains to enormous skyscrapers. while there were some brilliant scenes of realism (starring cattle and pigs), i just felt as if we needed more. depth was a key element lacking in this film, which was overshadowed by marginal acting and a diminishing story. pearce could have dove deeper into this untapped world, but instead left open loopholes and clichéd western characters. ferrell carried her own, but torn was completely miscast. decent for a viewing, but will not be picked up again by me. grade: ** out of *****
that's what my friend brian said about this movie after about an hour of it. he wasn't able to keep from dozing off. i had been ranting about how execrable it was and finally i relented and played it, having run out of adjectives for "boring". imagine if you will, the pinnacle of hack-work. something so uninspired, so impossibly dreadful, that all you want to do after viewing it is sit alone in the dark and not speak to anybody. some people labor under the illusion that this movie is watchable. it is not, not under any form of narcotic or brain damage. i would only recommend this to someone in order to help them understand how truly unbearable it is. don't believe me? gather 'round. granted, as a nation, we in america don't always portray middle eastern peoples in a tasteful manner. but how about a kid in a sheik outfit bowing in salaam-fashion to a stack of castrol motor oil bottles? you'll find that here. get it? the arab worships oil. i couldn't believe what i was seeing. having the kid fly planes into a skyscraper would've been more appropriate. who in their right mind would think that was a funny joke? it's not even close to "cleverly offensive". it just sucks and makes you want to punch whomever got paid to write that bit in the face. in the middle of the film, a five-man singing group called the "landmines" takes the stage at an officers' ball. okay- are you ready? the joke is they sing terribly and off-key. why did i write that in caps also? because the joke is pound, pound, pounded into your head with a marathon of horrendous sight gags. they start off mediocre enough; glasses cracking, punch tumblers shattering... then there is, i am 100% serious, a two-frame stop-motion sequence of a woman's shoes coming off. you read that correctly- the music was so bad, in one frame, the woman's feet have shoes on. in the very next- the shoes are off!!! get it, because the music was so bad, her shoes came off! what the f???? then there is an endless montage of stock footage to drive home the point that the singing is bad. if any human being actually suffered through this scene in the theater without running like hell, i would be astonished. this movie is honestly like a practical joke to see how fast people would bolt out the doors. robert downey sr. directs comedy the way his son commands respect by staying drug-free. badly. other things to watch out for: 1. the popular music shoehorned in wherever possible. every time liceman appears, a really inappropriate iggy pop song plays. plus all the actors do their best to act like it got really chilly for some reason. 2. barbara bach's criminally awful accent. she sounds like she's trying to talk like a baby while rolling a marble around on her tongue. there is no nudity, and there are several scenes where the boys all moan and writhe from a glimpse of her cleavage, like they're in a community school acting class and they've been directed to act like aroused retarded people. 3. liceman feeds his revolting dog a condom. remember; when this movie came out throwing in "abortion" and "condom" was seen as "edgy". 4. tom poston plays a mincing, boy-hungry pedophile, back when hollywood thought "pedophile" and "homosexual" were one in the same. flat-out embarrassing. 5. watch the ending. nothing is wrong with your vcr. that is actually the ending. tell me that doesn't make you want to explode everyone who's ever made any movie, ever. watch this at your own risk. up the academy has been known to actually make other movies, like the jerk or blazing saddles, less funny simply by placing the videotape near them.
the only thing i remember about this movie are two things: first, as a twelve year old, even i thought it stunk. second, it was so bad that when mad magazine did a parody of it, they quit after the first page, and wrote a disclaimer at the bottom of the page saying that they had completely disavowed it. if you want to see great sophomoric comedies of this period, try animal house. it's so stupid and vulgar it lowers itself to high art. another good selection would be caddyshack, the classic with the late rodney dangerfield and bill murray before he became annoyingly charming, with great lines like greens keeper carl spackler's "correct me if i'm wrong sandy, but if i kill all the golfers they'll lock me up and throw away the key."
a stale "misfits-in-the-army" saga, which half-heartedly attempts to be both surreal (the foreign subtitles) and vulgar (the flatulence gags), but just ends up being a mix of many different kinds of humor, none of them followed very successfully. barbara bach, the bond girl from "the spy who loved me", has only two or three brief scenes. what a waste! (*1/2)
i used to love this movie as a kid but, seeing it again 20+ years later, it actually sucks. up the academy might have been ahead of it's time back in 1980, but it has almost nothing to offer today! movies like caddyshack and stripes hold-up much better today than this steaming dogpile. no t&a. no great jokes except for the one-liners we've all heard a million times by now. i recently bought the dvd in hopes that it would be the gem i remembered it being. well, i was way off! the soundtrack had only 2-3 widely-recognizable hits (not the smash compilation others had mentioned) and the frequent voice-overs were terrible. the only thing that was interesting, to me, was predicting what the character's lines were before they said them. yep, i watched this movie that much back then! the only reason i am writing this review is to give my two cents on why this movie should be forgotten, sorry to say. :(
mad magazine may have a lot of crazy people working for it...but obviously someone there had some common sense when the powers-that-be disowned this waste of celluloid...the editing is el crapo, the plot is incredibly thin and stupid...and the only reason it gets a two out of ten is that stacy nelkin takes off some of her clothes and we get a nice chest shot...i never thought i would feel sorry for ralph macchio making the decision to be in this thing, but i do...and i really feel bad for ron leibman and tom poston, gifted actors who never should have shown up in this piece of...film...at least mr. leibman had the cajones to refuse to have his name put anywhere on the movie...and he comes out ahead...there are actually copies of this thing with mad's beginning sequence still on it...if you can locate one, grab it cuz it is probably worth something...it's the only thing about this movie that's worth anything...and a note to the folks at imdb.com...there is no way to spoil this movie for anyone...the makers spoiled it by themselves...
before i comment on this movie i just watched on youtube, i have to admit that the reason i checked this out was to rewatch something i first saw on the tv ads in 1980: barbara bach's cleavage. and since the movie received an r rating, i expected to see her nude. alas, no dice for her or of the other gorgeous actress that appeared here: stacey nelkin who's supposed to be a teen but was actually 20 when she made this. seeing her in a bra and panty and later in a belly dancer outfit was just as arousing as ms. bach. they provide some of the scattered laughs this movie provides. in fact, i don't blame ron leibman for having his name removed from the credits since his role as the tight-fisted liceman is pretty embarrassing though i did like the "seduction" scene he did with ms. nelkin. this also happens to be the debut of ralph macchio who's the loner among the misfits sent to an academy school. the others are a black kid who really loves his stepmother and ms. bach, an arab who worships motor oil, and a politician's son who loves his girlfriend candy (nelkin's character) so much, he risks sneaking in the middle of the night see her in the girls academy. among the supporting cast, tom poston plays a swishy character named sisson who i found partly amusing. with a screenplay by tom patchett and jay tarses and direction by robert downey sr. (whose son robert downey jr. has a cameo early on in a soccer scene), up the academy is uneven with the politically incorrect humor but unless you're really offended at the scatological and sexual content, this is actually a pretty harmless comedy that mad magazine and its trademark cover boy-alfred e. newman-shouldn't be ashamed of even though they once had their name and character taken off the picture...p.s. another one of the "misfits" was harry teinowitz who was born in my birth town of chicago, ill. he played rodney ververgaert. he also says one of my favorite lines: "i'm trying to come."
there are bad movies, terrible movies even boring movies...i can watch most and put up until the end, not this time. avoid this like the plague, annoying music throughout, terrible editing, no comedy, its tackier than a novelty mug...my missus wanted to watch this thinking it would be legally blonde material or something kind of watchable, but never better than average, chick flick. its the first time she was begging me to push the stop button. the girls, well, they were not great to start with (denise done ok in starship troopers and wild things) but you have sank to the gravel. i feel like a mug having spent 30 minutes on this...pamela anderson is almost unrecognisable after much construction work to her face. please take my advice if you want to avoid wasting valuable oxygen and brain cells ranting at the utter mince that is on your screen.
how could i best express my feelings about this movie: hideous? a headache? lack of coherent writing? plain stupidity? try all of the above for this travesty. and that just for the direction. story? well i guess there is a story. two dumb blondes look for a job after they crash a plane into a golf course. they are mistaken for a 'world renounced assassin' (sarcasm) and are 'hired' by two 'mobsters'. one thinks "taking him out" means a date, and the other gets the minor actor she dreams of. and of course, the turtle reserve for the farting turtle, that they build with the casino winnings. sounds likes all this could be funny? guess again. they try to make it funny, but its not. filming sequences aren't well done. i've seen better filming in hong kong movies. visuals are average for a late 80s film. but the problem is that its a 2007 movie. not worth my time to ever watch this again. it still doesn't beat danny glover's "out" movie from the early 80s as the worst movie of all time, but then again that film is in a class of its own. "f"
when i was at the movie store the other day, i passed up blonde and blonder, but something about it just seemed like it could possibly be a cute movie. who knows? i mean, i'm sure most people bashed romy and michelle before they saw it, blonde and blonder might have just been another secret treasure that was passed up. but when i started watching it: executive producer pamela anderson, wow, i knew i was in for something scary. not only that, but both of what were considered the pinnacle of hotness: pam anderson and denise richards, not to offend them, but they were not aging well at all and they're playing roles that i think were more meant for women who are supposed to be in their 20's, not their 40's. the story was just plain bad and obnoxious. dee and dawn are your beyond stupid stereotypical blonde's, they really don't have a clue when it comes to what is going on in the world, it's just really sad. but when the girls are somehow mistaken for murder assassins, the cops are on their tale and are actually calling the girls geniuses due to their "ignorance is bliss" attitudes. they are set up to make a "hit" on a guy, and they think they're just going to "show him a good time", but the real assassin is ticked and wants the case and to kill the girls. denise and pam just look very awkward on the screen and almost like they read the script the day before. i know that this was supposed to be the stupid comedy, but it was more than stupid, it went onto obnoxious and was just unnecessary. would i ever recommend this? not in a million years, the girls are just at this point trying to maintain their status as "sex kittens", it's more a sign of desperation and blonde and blonder is a huge blonde bombshell. 1/10
this movie is not in anyway funny, it tries to be funny with it's lame humor, which is so dry and boring that the movie is just 2 hours of torture. throughout the whole movie i was thinking one thing, "when is this gonna end". one thing you have to hand to them, is that they do have a very few mildly funny moments, which is also why i gave it a whole 2 stars. it is unoriginal and uses up almost every old blonde joke in the book, even the ones that wasn't funny the first time. it basically is a movie to belittle blondes and to record the whole repetoir of blonde jokes. to sum it all up, this movie is blonde humor gone bad, it is not worth paying any amount of money to watch, it is just that bad.
blonde and blonder was unfunny.basically, it was a rip-off girl version of dumb and dumber, but less funny, and they used too much background noises and music.way too much background noises and music if you ask me!!!!it starts out immensely boring, and totally inane.it doesn't pick up pace anywhere soon, and i was feeling more frustrated as this nonsense carried on.maybe, the only thing that saved me from giving this movie a 1 was the last 30 minutes.i found it somewhat entertaining and interesting as it neared the end, but that was the only part.also, i couldn't help but like pamela anderson and denise richard's characters a little.even though this movie didn't get any laughs from me, it kept my attention.i wouldn't say to completely avoid this movie, but there are thousands of better films for you to spend your time and money on than blonde and blonder.
this has got to go down as almost one of the worst movies of all time. awful acting, awful script... and they were the good points! one to definitely miss! the jokes, if you could call them that, were so predictable as to be pathetic. pamela anderson is still relying on her body to detract from the fact that her acting is just as plastic! i sat willing to give it a chance, hoping that it was going to improve which, alas, it didn't! if it was a choice between this and a book, i suggest you settle down for a good read! i like denise richards, which is why i gave this movie a go, but why she has let her self be cast in this movie is beyond me!
warning: avoid this super duper awful movie...if you watched it you will be sooooooooo disappointed. pam and denise are grandma age now what are they doing? trying so hard to be young innocent and sexy, just not working at all. pam and denise act so horribly in this movie. plus the script is absolutely atrocious, i can't believe someone can came out with such crappy ideas. with the development of movie industry, movie lovers are not as easy to satisfy as the ones in the last century. i bet the movie goers from last century will hate this too. stay away from it. i think watch "white chicks" from 2004 it's so much better that this...make no mistake at that time i thought that's the worst movie i have ever seen.
i was required to watch the movie for my work, so i didn't pay for it (on the contrary, i got paid), but i still found the movie to suck far more than average. the jokes were lame, the two lead actresses... well, to use the "first wives club" division of women's ages in hollywood, they are no longer in their "hot chick" age but more in their "district attorney" age. what angered me most about the movie was the main plot line, which pretty much completely plagiarized "beavis & butthead do america" (in which the boys are all jazzed up about some dude offering them money to "do his wife", not realizing they're expected to assassinate her). all in all, a bland piece of crap.
i was looking for a cute, simple comedy to pass the time but choosing this film proved to be an enormous mistake. i can't write a single good thing about it. first, the script is stupid and not funny at all, relying on tired, recycled jokes and a farting turtle for laughs. in my book, that's not funny, that's pathetic. low budget 'effects' (if i can even call them effects) with horrible cinematography. in many places it feels almost like an indie film shot with no money. acting... i feel sorry for the actors. are pamela anderson and denise richards that desperate for some money that they've agreed to take part in this? (looking at their recent filmography, it would appear so.) despite the outfits, pamela is showing her age and as a whole, they don't even come across as sexy, let alone funny. this movie is not even in the so-bad-it-is-funny category. it's just bad, as if everybody involved was sick of it. avoid.
what is this crap? my little cousin picked this out obviously for the overly girlie dvd art and title... i decided to watch it with her so she didn't get bored, and i sure was appalled at the horrible quality. first, the acting was terrible. they seem like amateur actresses reading off of cue cards. the delivery is sub-par and very formulaic. scene cuts were terrible.. it looks like they took it straight from the story board, if there was one. secondly, the jokes and stereotypes weren't original or well played at all- again, very formulaic. i can't count the times i was able to predict the next joke. i got a few chuckles out of the blatantly "subtle" sexual innuendos. the cat, the beaver patch, hung wong?.. c'mon! just.. stay away from this movie. it's not cute, it's not funny, it's not even stupid-funny. it's just stupid-stupid. it's like a pg kids' movie with unnecessary sexual innuendo, vulgarity, and violence to bump the mpaa rating. stay away. "would you like to ride my yacht?" "is that what they're calling it now?" "you could ride my ding." "oh! i think i got blood on my stool!" badly played, sir.
sure, i like short cartoons, but i didn't like this one. naturally, kids would love it. but then again, i'm not a kid anymore (although i still consider myself young). i will not tell you anything about the story, for the simple reason there is no story. how is it possible this dragon of a cartoon was nominated for an oscar?! well... i guess it's because people in the 30's were more happy with not much than now. in the present where we live, everything must happen fast. look at the movies nowadays, and you will come to the same conclusion: we live in a society that doesn't allow men to be slow. that's really a shame. i wish i lived in the 30's, because it seems so peaceful. but every time has got its ups and downs, i guess... to conclude: if you like music (and frogs), you'll have to see this cartoon. otherwise, don't spill your time on it.
add to the list of caricatures: a southern preacher and "congregation," a torch singer (sophie tucker?), a dancing chorus, and the mills brothers -- it only makes it worse. contemptible burlesques of "negro" performers, who themselves often appear in films to be parodying themselves and their race. though the "negro comedy" may have been accepted in its day, it's extremely offensive today, and i doubt that it was ever funny. though i wouldn't have been offended, i don't think that i'd have laughed at the feeble attempts at humor. as an 11-year-old white boy, however, i might not have understood some of it.
even thought i'm not the biggest of cher fans, this movie was her crowning achievement. granted, there were long term side-effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual impairment, upon the screening such a film. a 1989 survey of moonstruck fans by the uk advocacy network revealed that one-third of 300 moonstruck fans surveyed believed moonstruck had damaged them and an astounding 80% claimed it had irreparably destroyed their minds. cher plays someone very un-cher in this movie, a dowdy young widow named loretta living in new york with her extended family. they're anti-american, pro-italian and always at each other in someway. she has been going out with johnny camarary for a while, a nice mamma's boy man, and he asks her to marry him. she says yes. i loved her mom's questions: "do you love him loretta?", "no.", "good. if you love him he'll drive you crazy because they know they can. but you like him then?", "oh yeah, he's a sweet man ma". when johnny goes off to sicily to care for his dying mother, he asks that loretta make contact with his brother who he's been estranged from for years. this victory for human rights carries even greater significance, as sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment. in 1938, italian psychiatrist ugo cerletti, saw slaughterhouse workers using electric shock devices to cause epileptic fits in pigs, easing the job of slitting their throats. cerletti was inspired, and began experimenting with electroshock on humans, developing the first electroshock machine. broken bones and fractured vertebrae that resulted from the convulsions appeared to be of little concern. this was,in so many ways, an anti-american movie. it's about love, to be sure, but it's also about infidelity, secrets, lonely people, and strange behavior brought on by american policies. the characters, from the frumpy bobo at the favorite restaurant, the aunt and uncle, her parents and their problems, the ancient grandfather and his dogs are all well developed and intrinsic characters. it's somewhat of a chick flick, as it's how loretta stops being a dowdy stuffed shirt and awakens the flower of the inner vamp. it's a cinderella story in many ways, and that is every little girl's dream to emerge from the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan... assuming free and fully informed consent, it is well to reaffirm the individual's right to pursue happiness through brain damage if he or she so chooses. but we might ask ourselves whether we, as fans of cinema, though in no way sworn to any hippocratic oath, should be offering it.
generally over rated movie which boasts a strong cast and some clever dialog and of course dean martin songs. problem is nicholas cage, there is no chemistry between he and cher and they are the central love story. cher almost makes up for this with her reactions to cage's shifting accent and out of control body language. cage simply never settles into his role. he tries everything he can think of and comes across as an actor rather than real person and that's what's needed in a love story. cage has had these same kind of performance problems in other roles that require more of a jimmy stewart type character. cage keeps taking these roles, perhaps because he likes those kind of movies but his own energy as an actor doesn't lend itself to them, though he's gotten better at it with repeated attempts. he should leave these type of roles to less interesting actors who would fully commit to the film and spend his energy and considerable talent in more off beat roles and films where he can be his crazy interesting self.
ok, first the good: cher's performance and the cinematography. although i'm no cher fan, she gives an excellent performance and her part was well written. the cinematography was well done and captures a sense of romance. the rest: a thin plotline, nicholas cage's performance, and a totally unhumorous and weak attempt to portray an italian-american family from new york. firstly, everytime time cage opened his mouth i cringed. i don't know what kind of accent he was trying use. i honestly don't, it sure wasnt any new york or italian accent i've ever heard. it was quite surreal. and it wasn't because i'm some stickler for accuracy, his voice just cloyed in my ears. and i like nicholas cage in other performances. secondly, and this is purely anecdotal, but i have many italian relations, friends and acquaintances in new york city, and frankly i've gotten more laughs and felt more joy in the appreciation of the italian ethnic family by far than this movie provided. and that would be on a boring night at the house. what a let down.
i watched this movie for a project on love. please tell nicolas cage to learn what it would feel like to be his character, and then re-read the lines he's saying. my life cannot go on... i accidentally cut off my own hand...my brother was close by. obviously his fault. and since when have happy endings included the nice guy who takes care of mom sad and alone. no closure, bad script, and doesn't have enough extension of minor characters. save yourself, unless your up for a good laugh. costumes were done appropriately, and extras did a fabulous job. i'm sure it would have been a fun movie to make, but keep it more genre specific, i can't recommend this movie to anyone i know, because it is not an intellectual movie. it is not a chick flick. it is not a strict romantic. and i can't show kids because of the sex and questions to follow. all in all, just not a good flick.
i don't care how many nominations this junk got for best this and that, this movie stunk. i didn't know whether to turn off the set, or file a lawsuit with o.j.'s attorney for wrongful damage to my mental health. i have seldom been this bored; to call this dung entertainment is a slap in the face of every movie-goer across the planet. the whole story was stupid, the acting was uninspired, the 'drama' was emotionless. i am thankful i didn't have to pay for this unfulfilling experience.
this show is painful to watch ... it is obvious that the creators had no clue what to do with this show, from the ever changing "jobs", boyfriends, and cast. it appears that they wanted to cast amanda bynes in something ... but had no idea what, and came up with this crappy show. they cast her as a teen, surrounded by twenty and thirty somethings, and put her in mostly adult situations at repeatedly failed attempts at comedy. soon, they realize that she needs a "clique" and cast people in their late 20s to try to pass as teenagers. how this show survived 4 seasons is beyond me. somehow, abc has now decided that it is a "family" show, and thrown it into it's afternoon lineup on abc family.
i'll admit i've only watched a handful of episodes, but each one seemed completely different from the next. it seems after the first season, the producers decided to completely retool the show, drop characters, introduce new ones, and rewrite the entire show dynamic. as you have probably surmised already, the show is about quirky, unpredictable teenager holly (amanda bynes) who moves in with her high strung sister valerie (jennie garth) in new york city. decent enough premise: odd couple + fish out of water + high jinx. while i miss the sitcoms of yore, this show unfortunately misses the mark on funny repeatedly, and it's sad because they have some decent talent. on top of everything, they insisted on changing the show (val was living with a cast regular bf one season, then he was suddenly gone, so she opens a bakery? what?) when things change that drastically, you get the feeling that even the *show* knows it's bad. i mean, completely new sets, characters written off and new show regulars! on a side note (this is just nitpicking), i know this is a television show and not real at all, but val and holly end up living in a huge loft duplex (there are stairs) with a terrace... in manhattan! are you serious!?
what i hate about this show is how poorly the leads are written. these women have no self-respect or dignity. the entire plot is them throwing themselves at guys. amanda bynes' talent is completely wasted. she was brilliant on "all that" and her own show. why they would write her and jenny garth as vapid, airhead, desperate, men chasing, "old-maid" wannabes is beyond me. their plots and dialog remind me of "the simpons", homer says whenever his cartoon character poochie is not on screen, "everyone should ask, where's poochie?". all the talk centers on whining about some guy, and then whining to some guy. sometimes they change it up and the guy whines instead. then they get back together or break up at the end. the 2 women are either shallow, stupid, or sex addicts. the only word i can think of is "sucks".
well, what can you say about sitcoms. there often quite lame, morale dedicative, and just plain. so is this show! it got a boring cast, although a.bynes is okej in her perky way, the rest is just stereotypical crap....as always. we have all seen it before, and will probably see it all over again when this show is cancelled. cause, lets face it, its a mediocre and self righteous show. as the most sitcoms are.... well, in short. if you wanna see some good entertainment, you can rather take a twenty minute pause in front of the mirror. do some faces and move on.... its more entertaining than this show!
this was disappointing. it started well enough but as it went on and lost every opportunity to soar, it fell flat. maria schrader's acting is dreadful, never seeming to mean what she says, or even knowing what she says until she says it. she showed no genuine emotion at all, not for her beloved goy, or her mother's story. when with lena she seemed to have little more than an academic interest in lena's story. there never seemed to be a real relationship between lena and her mother except her mother seemed to be having a good time at the wedding, which isn't much. the supposed parallel between hannah's "mixed" romance and her mother's relationship with her father was as cliché as they come, and failed miserably anyway. the wedding was completely unconvincing and a dumb finish. the climax of the protest was uninspiring, and no matter what lena had or had not done to influence the outcome, she would surely have shown some complexity of feeling at the time, a haunted look, an inexplicable ambivalence. in fact, none of the characters in the film had any depth or spark. it was very hard to care about any of them, even little ruth. everything with luis was a distraction. (why did she dis him so when on the phone from the hotel? there was no context or explanation whatever for that.) if every reference to him was removed it wouldn't be noticed. a simple story made confusing by poor character development (who was whose mother, again??) weak acting, and directing that made everyone look like they were acting. you could almost hear "quiet on the set!...." i started thinking this was worthy of a 7, but as the film went on it dropped rapidly to a 4, then earning a 3 after the silliness of the wedding scene. this was about as cold and sterile a movie as i have seen. a terrible waste of a good story.
one thing that astonished me about this film (and not in a good way) was that nathan stoltzfus, who seems to pride himself on being the major historian on the topic of the rosenstrasse, was one of the historians working on this film, considering how much of the actual events were altered or disregarded. another reviewer said that von trotta said she never meant for lena to bed goebbels, but in that case, why did she give every impression that that was what had happened? why not show other possible reasons for the mens' release, such as the disaster that was stalingrad, or the nazis' fear that the international press, based in berlin, would find out about the protest. also, why did the whole storyline play second fiddle to a weak family bonding storyline that has been done over and over again? surely something as awesome as this could carry its own history! in places, it was as if the film had two story lines that really seemed to have little in common. overall, this film failed in its aim, which was to draw attention to a little-known act of resistance, which is a shame, because done better, it could have had a major impact.
(spoilers in this) "rosenstraße" is a movie about heroic women in german nazi time. but it is way too long, it is not touching and sometimes even boring! there are too many clichés and not enough good acting. the storytelling (storyline) is bad. like in james cameron ́s titanic an old woman remembers events of her live. good, now we ́ve got a point of view. than there is another woman introduced who does the same. confusing is that they both are recalling events of lifes of other people! come on! this is a lack of knowledge of basic story telling...how can riemann know about the fate of the little girl ́s mother and her interrogation for example? the scenes are shown in the wrong order and you rarely know when it took place. for example the scene when riemann is proposing to fabian. when did that happen? the scene looks like it is set in the twenties... riemann ́s character is of course a talented pianist, well, she is even a baroness! wow. her brother comes back from the eastern front, he has received a "ritterkreuz" which he is showing in some scenes. so he is a war hero and still a fine man who preserved his conscience. and he gained knowledge of massacres committed by germans. he even made some photographs! and so it goes, cliché after cliché is piling up and this is why the movie does not work. basically von trotta made a chick flick out of something what could have been a decent movie. and in the end it ́s all very simple. riemann finds a way to get goebbels into bed and - ta da! - everyone is free. which is not a historical fact but pure imagination despite the "true story" claim at the beginning. like "sass" it is vaguely based on a true event. it is sad but true, this is the typical german movie these days. it is bad! macaulay j. connor
overall an extremely disappointing picture. very, very slow build up to the basic storyline. the role of maria schrader searching for her families secret past. (every take seems to last forever . there is really no rhythm in the film.) ***spoilers*** her mother ruth is rescued from the nazis, by a german woman, played by katja riemann. the entire character of ruth is so one dimensional, so stereotypical. ***spoilers end*** the film cuts back and forth between present day new york and berlin and berlin 40s something. please when you do that, give the audience an indication of what time exactly the story takes place. there is never a clear indication of time  very annoying. worst part is, the end. ***spoilers*** the entire show and jabber about the jews being so terribly tormented, simply by a bureaucratic accident! give me a break. that's how the jews got out of the rosenstrasse? the question of who freed the jews is never answered. was is goebels who freed them? did lean fischer sleep with goebels? in venice the film won an acting award for k. riemann, why?  i have no idea. must be the jewish theme
this game was made by sega. being made by sega i didn't expect much, but i also didn't expect this junk either. for starters the camera angles work against you in this game. the motorcycle is your means of getting around. the motorcycle is the worst part in the game. whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you don't move. you never fall off the bike or wreck for that matter. the main character hardly talks even though he's got a voice that suits him. the graphics are horrible. you ride through trees on your bike. the camera makes fighting the enemy impossible. this game wouldn't even be worth renting.
we don't have this on television in england but i walked it over the internet on youtube. it's dumb, immature and boring! this is from the creator of "earthworm jim" douglas tennapel, i never got into that cartoon but i must admit it better than this. the cartoonist hasn't done anything for years since now. for doug tennapel, this is a comeback travesty and an all time low! the story is about three cats who inherit a house and lots of money off their dead old lady master. they are argumentative and keep on disagreeing on what their want to spend their money on. "boring"! the animation is dreadful. the main characters are meant to be cats, right? but they don't look nothing like cats! just weird animal monster-looking creatures with big mouths, pointed teeth and bulgy eyes! the human and other animal characters are also drawn real ugly! the theme song is terrible and irritating! also the stories are lame and are most probably copied from older shows. it surprised me how this show got 7.5/10 votes of other imdb viewers. television really isn't what is used to be! but now most of them is dumb, cheaply made and boring. some of you on the website might not agree with me well i'm sorry but this is a total waste of money and a complete and utter waste of your time and feel glad that britain don't have too tolerate this crap (oh yeah, if you have digital you have to) but i don't, so it not my problem! loser! 2/10 (and it's very lucky to get that because i've given other shows worst!).
** here be spoilers ** recap: mia (helin) is returning home from capital stockholm to rural rättvik to celebrate her fathers 70th birthday. she is by far the youngest child, and has two sisters eivor (ernst) and gunilla (petrén). eivor has a family and still lives in rättvik and gunilla has divorced and moved a town away. mia is still single and is focused on her career. there are a lot of jealousy and almost animosity between the sisters and conflicts arise all around as they confront each other and each have personal problems they have difficult to handle. as the party goes on (and alcohol consumed), more and more secrets become unveiled and more and more conflicts arise... comments: to be the work of a new writer/director it was disappointing to see this movie to follow in the exact same tracks that older swedish comedy/dramas has been following for years. there are really no new elements or ideas. this movie draws upon three basic areas. 1) embarrassing humor only based on characters making a fool of themselves. 2) sorrow and 3) anxiety. this move has the focus on the last one, almost forgetting the first point as the movie goes along. no loss though, since the humor that is there is not funny. the performances from the cast are good i guess, though it is lost behind all the anguish and soon forgotten. i had hopes that there would be new ideas and influences, but there were none. to conclude, there are better ways to spend one's time than watching this. 3/10
just a stilted rip-off of the infinitely better "murder, she wrote", it is absolutely amazing that this poorly-written garbage lasted for a full eight years. i'm sure most of the people who watched this unentertaining crap were in their sixties and seventies and just tuned in because they had nothing better to do, or simply remembered its star from the old dick van dyke show. van dyke, who only had a decent career in the 1960s, never was much of an actor at all (by his own admission) and he was already far too old to play a doctor when the series began in 1993. he looks absolutely ancient as a result of years of chain smoking and heavy drinking. his talentless real life son barry, a wooden actor who has rarely been in anything that didn't involve his father, plays his son in the series.
this is an "anthology" horror film. it's made up of 4 short stories taken from the fiction of robert bloch (who wrote for weird tales and was personal friends with h.p. lovecraft, but is most famous for the original story "psycho"). the quality of the stories is very uneven and i didn't think very much about the film was creepy or horrific at all. it would have been better to do it as a comedy like "comedy of terrors." only the last of the 4 stories was really done in a humorous way, and it's probably the best of them (the one with ingrid pitt). i've seen a few of these amicus anthology films and the only one that was really worth my time was freddie francis' "tales from the crypt." the anthology style works well for the producers, because it means that they can hire a bunch of "big name" actors, employ them for only one week of shooting or so, and then bring in the next big name. so you essentially pay for 6 weeks of movie star salary but get 5 or 6 different names on the marquee. but that's very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes with peter cushing, christopher lee, and ingrid pitt actually acting together. instead they're stuck in these vignettes by themselves. so let's take them one at a time, briefly. the first story has denholm elliot, who does a really admirable job of trying to bring some dignity to his silly role as a writer terrorized by his own character. unfortunately the actor who plays dominic, the source of the horror, tom adams, just looks silly which ruins any possible horror. there's some hilarious stuff if you want to laugh at it though, like the scene where dominic kills elliot's psychiatrist. it's the patented scene where the killer creeps up behind the victim but nobody is watching, so the whole audience is supposed to shout out "look out behind you!" the second story is the one with peter cushing. god i love that man so much. too bad so many of his films, like this one, pretty much stink. in the story he's supposed to be pining away for a long-lost love, and he sees her likeness in a wax museum. it's a completely predictable story that goes nowhere. then you have the bit with christopher lee, where he plays the father of a little kid who turns out to be a witch. again this bit could have been fun if it had been played for laughs. but instead we're supposed to be horrified when lee slaps the child and surprised when she turns out to be evil. the actress, chloe franks, was pretty good in that type of "bad seed" role though. the last story is kind of amusing... ingrid pitt plays an actress and jon pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cape that turns him into a real vampire. that's about all the story has to offer. i was surprised at how bad ingrid pitt's english is, i guess she must have been dubbed in some of the other films i've seen her in. not a very memorable film or one that i would recommend to anyone but horror completists.
(spoilers) i was very curious to see this film, after having heard that it was clever and witty. i had to stop halfway because of the unbearable boredom i felt. the idea behind the film would have been acceptable: depicting the way the relationship between a man and a woman evolves, through all the problems and difficulties that two people living in a big city can experience. what made me dislike the whole film were two things. first of all, the film was so down-to-earth that it looked as if, by describing the problems that a couple must solve on a day-to-day basis, it became itself ordinary and dull. secondly, the overall sloppiness of the production, with dialogues that were barely understandable. too bad.
if you've ever been harassed on the underground by a christian who says, "jesus is the answer. what's the question?", then perhaps you should thank god if you've never met a lacanian. slavoj zizek, the most evangelical of lacanians, would surely exchange the word "jesus" in that statement for "lacan/hegel". zizek's star burns brightly at the moment, no doubt because we generally view films and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption. so it seems impressive when someone - anyone - comes along and says, "hang on, films may say something about ourselves." the ideas zizek expounds in this film are "true" purely because he says so. for example, zizek explains that three marx bros are the ego, superego and id (god knows what happened to zeppo, or gummo perhaps they're the sinthome...or is that movies themselves?). this is simply what they are. in zizek's output, culture is not there to be investigated but merely to be held as an example of his ideology. people may object that he certainly has something to say - but how different is what he says from the christian attributing everything to god's will? what's wrong with taking examples, from films or anywhere, to illustrate theory? well, nothing at all. as zizek seems to believe, they may even serve as a proof. however, it is merely cant and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. without context, you can say and prove anything you want. for zizek, lacan is the answer  so he goes and makes an example of it. everything but everything resembles the teachings of the master and culture is there to bear this out, to serve this ideology. for instance, zizek's exemplar of the fantasy position of the voyeur is taken from a scene in vertigo when jimmy stewart spies on kim novak in a flower shop. but, in the context of the film, this is not a voyeur's fantasy position at all. stewart has been deliberately led there by novak. this presentation of examples isolated from their context continues throughout zizek's two hour and a half cinematic sermon. his analysis of the "baby wants to f---" scene in blue velvet is laughable. touching lightly on what he appears to consider to be the horrific (to the masculine) truth of "feminine jouissance", zizek says that isabella rossilini's character not only demands her degradation but is, unconsciously, in charge of the situation. this is an example of her "jouissance". well ... possibly. but - sorry to be prosaic - where is the evidence for this? in the film, she partially undergoes her humiliations because hopper has kidnapped her son. zizek may object that she also evidently enjoys rough sex with kyle maclachalan. but this may be due to any number of things. isn't that the point of so-called feminine "jouissance"? according to lacan, feminine jouissance, unlike phallic jouissance, cannot be articulated, it is beyond the phallic capture and castration of language. if this is right, then no example can be made of it. it also means that the entire concept is non-sensical and entirely mystical. it can only be designated by dogmatists such as zizek: "there's feminine jouissance for you! why is this feminine jouissance? because i say so." what example can really be garnered from these films? only zizek's psychology. why does he keep inserting himself into his favourite films, even to the point that, when in a boat on botega bay, he says he wants to f--- rod steiger too? is this not the wish-fulfilment of someone who spends his life critiquing films? as the saying goes, freud would have a field day with the pervert's guide to the cinema - but with zizek himself, nobody else. zizek's theory that films show us how we desire may be right on the face of it, but these films cannot be strict universal examples of psychoanalytical laws. this film illustrates how zizek desires and only extremely vaguely - as to be almost useless - how the rest of us desire. for, as any psychoanalyst knows, how we desire and what we desire cannot be fully separated - and cannot be easily universalised, if at all. zizek's love of making everything an example of lacan's answer bears this out: how do we desire? like this, this is how i do it. problem is, in zizek's desire, everything and everyone else is rationalised into his desire. but zizek is a leninist and they certainly don't like letting the "subject" speak for itself. the pervert's guide to the cinema is a summation zizek's love of dogma and is entirely unphilosophical even if it remains very political (what dogma isn't?). zizek has never questioned exactly what his motives might be when embarking on an analysis, what he is trying to discover, because the terms of his exploration, and therefore his ethics in doing so, are never put into question. zizek is extremely prolific but all his books and this film say the same thing. he's a kind of henry ford of cultural theory: mass-production and any colour as long as it's black. he is perfect for today's highly consumerist society: supposedly critical while giving people the same c-ap over and over and pretending that it is something different. this is popular because people largely prefer readymade answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - rather than investigating things with any serious consideration at all. which is kind of like being brain dead. for me, zizek's third matrix pill is a suicide capsule. ps: i loved zizek's solemn remark - presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity - that music in films can greatly affect people's sympathies. did this only occur to zizek after he watched jaws?
an old intellectual talks about what he considers art in movies. you get your hitchcock, your chaplin, your bergman and some other stuff prior to the 80ies. to disguise that he has no clue what is going on in cinemas these days, he throws in the matrix. but it's not only the same lame film-as-art speech all over again. this speech is reduced to outdated psychological platitudes: it-ego-super ego, anal phase, sexual insufficiency. it is garnished with the cheesy effect of having zizte edited into the movies he is taking about. for someone who is supposed to know much about movies, his own is, cinematographicly speaking: yeiks. to put it in zizek's own words - i saw 5\-\!7 on the screen, last night, or in the words of a great movie maker: mr. (zizek), what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things i have ever heard. at no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. i award you (two) points (only), and may god have mercy on your soul.
already his first claim, that desires are always artificial, is totally fallacious. when a jehovah witness reject gets his own documentary on movies  or anything for that matter - it's time for anyone to get their own. although far, far more intelligent than, say, paris hilton (i know, not too difficult) zizek's mouth spews just as much baloney as hers, just a different kind. he combines the worst from both his professional worlds: psychoanalysis and philosophy. both fields are notorious for conveniently offering the expert b*lls***osopher plenty of leeway to create unprovable theories, to rant without a beginning or end, and to connect concepts almost randomly, in the process misusing the english language by creating a semantic jumble only a mother can love. example: there are three main marx brothers hence what a "great" idea to connect them with three levels of human consciousness, the id, the ego and the super-ego. i'm kind of surprised he didn't play a clip from "snowhite" and make an analogy between the seven dwarfs and the seven levels of gahannah (moslem hell). it's like the premise of schumacher's "the number 23": play with numbers long enough, and you can come up with any kind of cockamamie theory you want, even linking ancient greeks with princess di's death. however, there is an entertainment element to tpgtc: watching a raving lunatic sweat like a hog while uttering delusional chants masked as intellectual analysis can be quite a lot of fun. why watch "cuckoo's nest" or any other madhouse drama when you can have zizek for more than 2 hours? it's like watching an amusing train wreck. admittedly, he is almost funny on one or two occasions. i have always been mystified by people who desperately try to elevate movie-making into an exalted intellectual social science. giving idiotic movies like "birds" this much thought, hence this much credit, probably has its fat creator laughing in his grave. the raw truth is that the vast majority of movies have zero intellectual value, and the few ones that do have some intelligence don't require a shrink-turned-philosopher to draw one a map to understand them  unless one is a complete idiot. zizek sees layers and layers of meaning in the most banal movies. hallucinogenic drugs must be rather popular and cheap in slovenia these days... when zizek showed the bathtub hole in the "psycho" shower scene, i thought he was going to say something about galactic black holes; how they drain the life out of stars just as the bathtub hole sucks in janet leigh's blood. or perhaps he could have said how the hole represents leigh's vagina, with the blood flowing into it instead of out (as in menstruation), this representing some kind of "clever (zizekian) irony". speaking of which, the real irony is that if hitchcock had really put that much thought into every scene (and the script), his movies wouldn't have been the illogical, far-fetched crap that they often are. the point of these bathtub hole analogies was to show just how easy it is to improvise about "hidden, deep meanings". and when you add zizek's fanciful terminology from philosophy and psychology, layering these terms on top of these analogies like wedding cake decorations, you get a rambling jumble that can instantly impress the uneducated - i.e. the easily impressionable and the gullible. zizek utters a number of (unintentionally) funny things here, one of the most absurd ideas being when he associates anthony perkins's cleaning of the bloodied bathroom with "the satisfaction of work, of a job well done". don't laugh... neither hitchcock nor the writer of "psycho" could have ever even vaguely entertained this notion that perkins might be enjoying a job well done - the cleaning of a blood-stained toilet - while they were conceiving/directing that scene. talk about putting words into one's (dead) mouth, but in the context of misinterpreting what the director had to "say". i like zizek's initial thoughts on tarkovsky's terrific "solaris", but then he has to ruin a rare good impression by dragging in "anti-feminism" and other nonsense into his theory. zizek's attitude towards logic is that of a dog toward its plastic bone. "i just want to play with it all day!" logic has its rules, and is not supposed to be raped - at least not publicly - by the likes of him. he seems to regard logic, proof, common-sense, and reason as enemies or mere throwaway toys; concepts to be either avoided, twisted to fit the end-goal, or simply annihilated. zizek is the lsd-tripped hippie, and all his favorite movies are his own personal "2001"s. the fact that zizek over-focuses on two of the most overrated directors - and ones whose films often lack intelligence, if anything - such as hitchcock and lynch, only further diminishes his already low credibility. i was surprised de palma didn't feature more prominently; that's another lame director who writes inept scripts. zizek has a field day with lynch's incomprehensible "lost highway". there are just as many interpretations of that movie as there are people who watched it. zizek's comment that the viewer readily accepts von trier's laughable, "ground-breaking" physical set-up in "dogville" made me snicker. however, zizek doesn't only make up stuff as he goes along, he also indulges heavily in the "bleedin' obvious". like all "social scientists" (an oxymoron), he wraps his very trite "observations" into articulate (if full of spitting) and sometimes complex blankets of language. after all, sociology functions in precisely the same way: it makes us believe we are hearing something new when in fact it's what we already all know, but told in an eloquent way - which fools the more unobservant listener. i was half-expecting for men in white suits to suddenly appear out of nowhere and strap him up in a loonie-suit... slavoj zizek: soon as a stalker in a kid's park near you. http://rateyourmusic.com/list/fedor8/150_worst_cases_of_nepotism/
this film is predictable; it is more predictable then a vinnie testaverdi pass, when he huts the ball for the jets. one saw the ending coming up halfway through the film. the politics reminds me when i was back east. many people know when the fix is in. i gave this four because of the acting, but the story is lame.
this movie had the potential to be far more than it was. but it not only fails to deliver, it brings up nauseous self righteous preaching at the same time. john cusack is even flatter than he was in midnight of the garden of good and evil. the difference is that this time he is supposed to have an southern accent, which he noticeably loses several times each scene. al pacino does his shtick but seems to be walking through this film and collecting a paycheck. he's good as usual but hardly standout. supporting cast -- throw in female romantic interest which added little, if anything, to the story. speaking of the story, a convoluted "who really cares" tale where cusack is the self-righteous mayor's boy who just has to search for "the right thing" to be done. people don't act this way. cusack's character loses all credibility at the end, of which without revealing it, is preach and nauseous. the final scene makes the penultimate silliness seem profound. it's also completely inaccurate but i won't get into law. this is a bad, by the numbers movie. it seems interesting for the first 40 minutes and then it's really a preachy, proselytizing, self-righteous film for the last hour. better off with mindless crap than this pile of junk.
admittedly, i find al pacino to be a guilty pleasure. he was a fine actor until scent of a woman, where he apparently overdosed on himself irreparably. i hoped this film, of which i'd heard almost nothing growing up, would be a nice little gem. an overlooked, ahead-of-its-time, intelligent and engaging city-political thriller. it's not. city hall is a movie that clouds its plot with so many characters, names, and "realistic" citywide issues, that for a while you think its a plot in scope so broad and implicating, that once you find out the truth, it will blow your mind. in truth, however, these subplots and digressions result ultimately in fairly tame and very familiar urban story trademarks such as corruption of power, two-faced politicians, mafia with police ties, etc. and theoretically, this setup allows for some thrilling tension, the fear that none of the characters are safe, and anything could happen! but again, it really doesn't. unfortunately, the only things that happen are quite predictable, and we're left with several "confession" monologues, that are meant as a whole to form modern a fable of sorts, a lesson in the moral ambiguity of the "real world" of politics and society. but after 110 minutes of names and missing reports and a spider-web of lies and cover-ups, the audience is usually treated to a somewhat satisfying reveal. i don't think we're left with that in city hall, and while it's a very full film, i don't find it altogether rich.
wow. this is really not that good. i would like to agree with the others in that at least the acting is good... it is, but it is nothing special. the movie is so precictable and i for one am sick of receiving culture info through movies. */****
i was lured to see this movie by its starpower, but ultimately that's all it delivers. it plays much more like a greek tragedy than a modern thriller about big city corruption. it's greatest flaw is its predictibability and utter lack of suspense. we know who the bad guys are from the beginning, and just follow along as they fall like dominoes. the film to its credit does abstain from gratuitous violence and sex, but has forgotten to substitute good, clean romance or excitement in any other way. all the flavor of a good, flat decaffeinated diet cola. "q&a", which also takes place in new york, is a far better alternative, as is "la confidential".
wow, a movie about nyc politics seemingly written by someone who has never set foot in nyc. you know there's a problem when at one moment you expect the credits to roll and the movie continues on for another half hour. the characters are boring, john cusack's accent is laughable, and the plotline teeters between boring and laughable. a horrible movie.
> what a dud. it began with some promise, then became unfocused and > wandered. john cusack's cajun accent was laughable, bridget fonda's role > existed only to get a skirt into the film, and pacino did pacino. his entire > generation of actors -- nicholson, hackman, caine, hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, less > charitably, "mail in") in their paycheck films. this was > one. >
don't get me wrong, the movie is beautiful, the shots are stunning, and the material is dramatic. however, it was a big disappointment and i actually left very angry at what disney had done. bbc's planet earth was all of the above and more. it was subtle. it had an overall feeling of balance and showed the full circle of life and death. there was tragedy and triumph, loss and gain. it was balanced. disney's edit of earth is none of this. they tried to make it a movie us americans would talk about. they made it dramatic. they put an over the top musical score there to frighten us. they made predators evil. they made walruses evil. they showed every encounter as negative. it tried to be suspenseful and succeeded, but at the expense of the lesson of balance. the movie was an hour and a half of negative portrayal and only about 10 minutes of positive. i am all for preventing global warning, but this was over the top political and environmental junk. that's another thing, i went to see it on the big screen, but was disappointed in the picture quality. it looked better on my tv at home. if you want to see something like this and get the whole picture, go out and buy, rent, or borrow the bbc's planet earth series. it is better lessons, better sound, and (if you have blu-ray)better picture quality.
i can't believe i am so angry after seeing this that i am about to write my first ever review on imdb. this disney documentary is nothing but a rehashed planet earth lite. now i knew going into this that it was advertised as "from the people who brought you planet earth," but i had no idea they were going to blatantly use the exact same cuts as the groundbreaking documentary mini-series. i just paid $8.75 to see something i already own on dvd. shame on disney for not warning people that there is absolutely nothing original here (save a james earl jones voice-over and 90 seconds of sailfish that i don't believe were in planet earth). but the biggest crime of all, is that while planet earth uses the tragic story of the polar bear as evidence that we are killing this planet and a catalyst for ecologic change, disney took that story and turned it into family friendly tripe. after the male polar bear's demise, they show his cubs grown significantly a year later, and spew some garbage about how they are ready to carry on his memory, and that the earth really is a beautiful place after all. no mention of the grown cubs impending deaths due to the same plight their father endured, no warning of trouble for future generations if we don't get our act together, nothing. just a montage of stuff we have already seen throughout the movie (and many times more, if you are one of the billion people who have already seen planet earth). i have never left the theater feeling so ashamed and cheated in my life.
yesterday was earth day (april 22, 2009) in the us and other countries, and i went to see the full-feature movie-version of "earth" by disneynature. i guess, like the auto manufacturers, disney is trying to convince us that they care about the planet. maybe they really do care about the planet, i don't know, but i don't think it warrants a special unit with the word "nature" in it. i do know that my youngest daughter loves mickey mouse, and who am i to tell a one-year old my personal feelings about disney? aside from incredible cinematography, it was a typical disney disappointment for me. preceded by a half-dozen disney movie trailers, rife with disney cliché ("circle of life", "falling with style"), over-dramatic music, recycled footage (disney claims "40% new footage"). i was even starting to think that james earl jones narration is getting a bit boring. i like james earl jones, but his work for disney and morgan freeman doing every warner brothers narrative starts to wear thin. i really think that disney bought some bbc nature photography that was so spectacularly done, they felt it would sell itself if they slapped some orchestral music and recognizable sound-bites on it. and what is disney's obsession with showing predators chasing and killing baby animals? there were a half-dozen such scenes, complete with bleating youngsters on the verge of getting their throats ripped out. i think disney needs to recognize that animals have a rich and interesting life outside of life and death struggles that appeal to the action-movie oriented teenagers that got dragged to this film by their parents. i was also cognizant of how disney stopped well short of implying that man had anything to do with the climate change. are they so afraid of the tiny minority of deniers that they think it's still a controversial subject? i recommend skipping this one and renting the blue planet dvds on netflix. nature films seem to be best done by the british at the moment.
i don't know why, but after all the hype on npr i thought this was a new movie.....all the best footage has been used for bbc docs and natgeo projects that you have seen if you are interested in nature programs...it has been repackaged with sappy narration and over-dramatic music for disney to take advantage of earth day-there are great moments, and it is always nice to listen to darth vader.......oops,........... james earl jones speak, but i had hoped for a ground breaking movie , considering the new camera technology used in the making of this film......it has been sanitized for a child audience, so one can actually see better footage for free on youtube ....i feel that we are due for something as ground breaking as koyannisquatsi (sic) and this movie is certainly not it
a lot of death happens in the wild. you don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out! but does it need to be the focus of a nature documentary? what is with this fascination with gruesome death? do we really have to see an adult elephant torn to shreds by a pack of hungry lions? or, a cheetah grabbing a gazelle by the throat in slow motion, no less! i thought this was going to be a family-friendly nature film! and, why not have the courage to show the gruesome violence in the film's trailers? were the filmmakers afraid of losing money? then in typical, comic relief fashion we get to see the magnificent birds-of-paradise perform mating rituals to the most annoying and stupid narration humanly possible. it was surreal! it's as if the filmmakers believed they were only addressing a roomful of first and second graders on a school field trip! wow! from the mean to the moronic in a heartbeat! if there are any future nature documentary filmmakers waiting in the wings reading this film review, why not focus on: animals actually copulating; giving birth; laying eggs; bathing; sleeping; cleaning each other; socializing; playing; emotional displays other than fear and anger; unusual behaviors, like mouth brooding; migration; problem solving skills; culture (yes, many animal species have what humans call culture); communication skills; parenting, healing abilities, etc. in other words, stop focusing on violence or dumbing down beauty, and why not be much more well-rounded - and focus on delight and inspiration, instead?
my title above says it all. let me make it clearer. if you have seen the bbc's "planet earth" , which i am sure most of you have , then you are not gonna like this movie too much. and i own all the discs of "planet earth" i had seen the rating for this movie very high , and read good reviews about it. i was excited to check it out. alas, i went to the theater and the movie started , i saw it was a disney movie with production companies listing bbc and discovery. and when they started the first scenes about the polar bear, i recognized them from my dvds at home of "planet earth". the movie continued and went on and on and on , me and my friends kept on recognizing the scenes were all from "planet earth". we were very very disappointed , as i think 90% of the footage is from "planet earth" . i am saying 90% , because some of the scenes i didn't recognize. i have a feeling that i simply didn't remember them. so finally what this movie really is , is a compilation of different footages from the different discs of "planet earth" , with a narration aimed at kids. yes, the narration is quite kiddish. let me give you an example. when they show the polar cubs walking away from the mother cub , the narrator says "the polar cubs are not like human kids. they don't always listen to their mothers" ( i don't remember the exact words , but this is how it is ) so in a nutshell. this is condensed "planet earth" for kids !
for those who'd like to see this movie? i'd say: go! without the narration it might be a very good movie/documentary. but the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me. following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. but the melodramatic point of view just doesn't cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene. i ask myself why that happens, if they were to show reality, why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains? i think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.
the invisible man is a fantastic movie from 1933, a cutting edge film for it's time where objects appeared to rest on top of a man who was truly invisible. go ahead, take a look at the film, you will be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first true special effects movie. come 2000, computer aided special effects seem like child's play, audiences are not blown away by special effects, instead they are disappointed if they are not done right. the special effects in hollow man, the update of the hg wells story, are ok, but not the biggest problem with this film directed by paul verhoeven, who you might remember from showgirls and total recall. kevin bacon plays sebastian caine, a scientist dabbling in the world of bio-invisibilation (yeah, i know that's not a word) but of course is battling higher ups who are threatening to take away the team's funding. so, as movie characters who are about to have their funding cutoff are prone to do, he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation (yeah, i know, i used that non-word again) process. the process has dire consequences, no caine does not die, but instead becomes a horny, violent creature, aka a guy. now that he's invisible, caine stalks a sexy neighbor, a co-worker, former girlfriend linda (elisabeth shue), and the man who took away his funding. then a funny thing happens, caine becomes a new supernatural being, "the thing that won't die." laughing in the face of all things natural, caine faces down death and spits in it's face, as it take what feels like hours for this creature to die, dragging the ending of the movie out. the movie is silly, stupid, and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. there are neat possibilities in hollow man, but of course, not one of them is explored. for a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for some good old-fashioned black and white cinema, and check out the 1933 invisible man. kevin bacon will still be invisible when you come back, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
one could wish that an idea as good as the "invisible man" would work better and be more carefully handled in the age of fantastic special effects, but this is not the case. the story, the characters and, finally the entire last 20 minutes of the film are about as fresh as a mad-scientist flick from the early 50's. there are some great moments, mostly due to the amazing special effects and to the very idea of an invisible man stalking the streets. but alas, soon we're back in the cramped confinement of the underground lab, which means that the rest of the film is not only predictable, but schematic. there has been a great many remakes of old films or tv shows over the past 10 years, and some of them have their charms. but it's becoming clearer and clearer for each film that the idea of putting ol' classics under the noses of eager madmen like verhoeven (who does have his moments) is a very bad one. it is obvious that the money is the key issue here: the time and energy put into the script is nowhere near enough, and as a result, "hollow man" is seriously undermined with clichés, sappy characters, predictability and lack of any depth whatsoever. however, the one thing that actually impressed me, beside the special effects, was the swearing. when making this kind of film, modern producers are very keen on allowing kids to see them. therefore, the language (and, sometimes, the violence and sex) is very toned down. when the whole world blows up, the good guys go "oh darn!" and "oh my god". "hollow man" gratefully discards that kind of hypocrisy and the characters are at liberty to say what comes most natural to them. i'm not saying that the most natural response to something gone wrong is to swear - but it makes it more believable if someone actually swears. i think we can thank verhoeven for that.
i get to the cinema every week or so, and regularly check out this site, but never before have i felt compelled to comment on a film. to my all time list of shockingly bad films - last man standing, spawn, the bone collector - i can now add the drivel that was 'hollow man'. from the awful opening titles - a ridiculously over-long run through of cast and crew put together with alphabetti spaghetti - through to the insulting finale - a world record number of cliches and some of the most absurd dialogue and acting to have ever made it to cinema - this film is dismal, and only the impressive computer graphics keep you from walking out long before the end. this isn't just my opinion - it was that of my friends, and everyone around us. when large sections of an audience are laughing and groaning during and after a serious thriller, its clear that the film is hopeless. not only that, it was sick too. the director took the action beyond the bounds of realistic fare for a violent film, and into the realms of an over the top blood soaked b-movie. it's difficult not to imagine the director as some sort of dirty old man, because the extent of the invisible man's forays out of the lab and into the outside world extended only to two attempts at having a feel of some breasts. perhaps sex could well be the first thing on a bloke's mind if made invisible, but aside from the aesthetic pleasures of the ladies involved, it hardly makes entertaining cinema. [spoilers follow] get past the films sick exterior, and things are even worse. whilst kevin bacon does a good job of acting increasingly twisted as 'hollow man', the rest of them - perhaps handicapped by a dire script - do an even better job of being hollow cast. one long time member of the team is found strangled in a locker by the invisible man, "he's finally snapped" shrugs one colleague without a hint of emotion. this is par for the course, and the lab team swing between sheer terror and complete indifference with such speed that you wonder how they got into acting. they pad their way through the lab corridors terrified, guns poised, but then seconds later one of the crew skips happily off back down the corridor to get blood for a hurt colleague. the lead female treats the invisible man with courtesy and good humour even after he's insulted and abused her, and there seems to be little reaction to his breakouts, even after he drowns the pentagon chief, "he drowned in his pool last night" reports the same female, spectacularly failing to put two and two together. the script is littered with this kind of badly acted pedestrian dialogue, and the rest is just an a-z of film cliches, which get laid on thicker and faster as the film progresses to the point of complete disbelief and amusement at the end. the 'eureka' moment at the computer, the female undressing at the window, the looped security video - the list really is endless - the predictable disregard for strength in numbers, the decision not to kill the two main stars but just put them in a place of probable impending death and leave them to their own devices, the almost-dead good guy appearing out of nothing to save the woman, the bomb and ubiquitous countdown timer, the fireball explosion which just burns up before reaching the heroes, the falling lift which just stops before hitting them, and more than anything else, the immortality of the bad guy. the invisible man is burnt to a shred with a makeshift flame-thrower, electrocuted, whacked round the head with a bar which had just sliced straight through one of the lesser actors, and then having apparently survived the explosion, fireball and total destruction of the labs, has more than enough life left to climb up through the fireball for one last pop at the films heroes - by which stage the disbelieving audience are cringing and looking at their watches. that this exceptionally bad film actually made it to the cinema is astounding. even the name of the film is as hopeless as the movie itself, and not even impressive special effects come anywhere near saving this one, which should be avoided at all costs.
(some spoilers) - as if you wouldn't know how it'll end my expectations for hollow man were high. a very good commercial, a director like paul verhoeven and actors like kevin bacon and elisabeth shue, plus a very interesting theme - invisibility. every premise for a great movie was accomplished. unfortunately these things didn't matter at all. the movie was very very week, without suspense and awfully predictable. it's all about a bunch of scientists who discovered invisibility. after the tests on animals succeeded, kevin bacon decides to test it on himself. once he's invisible, he changes completely, realizing the advantages of not being seen. from this to murder there's a very thin line. hollow man is an ill movie. it suffers of the disease that many new movies have: the special effects. from a challenging theme that could have lead the producers to a great tensed psychological thriller, verhoeven ruins everything focusing only on special effects, without giving a damn about the real value of the movie. i must admit, the fx are awesome, probably the best i have seen since matrix, but that's not enough to make a movie good. actually that's the problem with the movies today. just like verhoeven, most directors care only about spectacular scenes - and nothing more. the exceptions are very few, and probably the matrix is the only movie that combines perfectly fabulous special effects and great plot. after starship troopers, verhoeven disappoints again. in stead of a great film, hm is cr*p. there are only 2 reasons why you could watch this movie: 1. the special effects 2. the joke with superman and wonder woman (i won't spoil this moment for you...) okay, so what went wrong with the movie? everything. let's see what i can remember. --- it's not tensed at all. it should've been, but it's not. --- it's too predictable . you know from the beginning who will die and who will live. --- in stead of focusing on the psychological part, verhoeven cares only about the effects. --- very many cliches. --- of course the bad guy wakes up a few times before dying. --- just like in every low quality horror, the first rule is to let the characters separate as much as possible. every time there is somebody alone in the lab, perfect victim for bacon. --- some holes in the plot. example: at the beginning, bacon has to scan his finger to enter the lab. after he's invisible, how can he do that? --- the ending: absolutely horrible. --- after shue hits bacon in the head, bacon falls down to the ground. then shue and brolin leave quietly and slowly, without looking back. is that normal? then bacon gets up, attacks them, they "kill" him again. and then shue screams "i heard an explosion" (happened minutes ago), and they suddenly run inside. didn't she hear that explosion some time before? --- there's a scene in which you can see the microphones hanging above the actors. come on, mr verhoeven , i expected much more from you! so that's about hollow man. what was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam. vote: 4 out of 10 (for the special effects)
leave it to paul "sex on the brain" verhoeven to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the invisible man story. if he'd direct a pokemon film, i'm sure he'd turn it into some massive orgy of sorts. i don't mind sex or even sleaze (check my other reviews) on film but frankly, it's obvious the director has a one track mind and he couldn't see interesting aspects about an invisible man storyline than the kinky implications it comes with it. it's a shame because it could have been good if the film didn't spend so much time having an invisible kevin bacon grope women. the game cast of actors does what it can with the one-note cheesy script but i felt bad for some of them, including william devane, who is totally wasted here. but then what could i have expected from the director of showgirls, which, btw, is much more entertaining than this stilted & bad film.
going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac. so right away you're guessing who will live and who will die. the survivors end up being exactly who you'd expect them to be, so no points for plot twists there. and if you're not sure if this is a b-movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story, william devane plays a part: instant b-movie status. the movie is promising in the beginning. at the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent. oooh, foreboding. the best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again. great special effects. same thing when they make bacon invisible. there are a couple of bare breasts, a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an r-rating that it really didn't need. for a thriller there weren't really any surprises, except when shue makes like macgyver in the freezer, which is more of a 'whaaaa?' ok, there is one surprise. that's when caine (bacon) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft. it was a surprise but only because you're yelling at tv, 'noooo! you're dead already! end the movie!' speaking of yelling at the tv,that's all i did for the last 25 minutes or so. 'put on your f#@%ing goggles!' instead of putting their infrared goggles on so that they can see him, they try every other trick in the book (fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems...). the story really lost it at the end. but the special effects were good; that's the only reason i give it a 2/10.
this is the kind of movie that leaves you with one impression.. story writing is what movie making is about. incredible visual effects.. very good acting, especially from shue. everything is perfect.. except.. the story is just poor and so, everything fails. picture this, if you had the power to be invisible.. what would you do? well, our mad scientist here (played by kevin bacon) could think of no other thing to do but fondle and rape women.. this is all his supposedly "genius" mind could think of. does he try to gain extra power? no. he doesn't even bother research a way to get back to being visible. the guy is basically a sex crazed maniac. add to that, the lab atmosphere, you have all these young guys.. throwing around jokes like they were in a bar.. if it wasn't for all the white coats and equipment, you would think this is a bad imitation of "cheers." very shallow and poor personalities and very little care is put into making you think these guys are anything but lambs for the hollow man's wolf. even as a thriller, the movie falls way short because most of the "thrilling" scenes are written out so poorly and are full of illogical behaviors by the actors that are just screaming "this is just a stupid thing i have to do so that the hollow man can find me alone and kill me." if you read the actual book, while the scientist (cane) goes after women, there is a lot of mental manipulation and disturbing thought that goes into his character. in the movie, cane is just the sick guy who goes to a crowded marketplace to rub his body in women and get off on it. just sad.
within the realm of science fiction, two particular themes consistently elicit interest, were initially explored in the literature of a pre-cinematic era, and have since been periodically revisited by filmmakers and writers alike, with varying degrees of success. the first theme, that of time travel, has held an unwavering fascination for fans of film, as well as the written word, most recently on the screen with yet another version of the h.g. wells classic, `the time machine.' the second theme, which also manages to hold audiences in thrall, is that of invisibility, which sparks the imagination with it's seemingly endless and myriad possibilities. and this theme, too, has again become the basis for a film adapted from another h.g. wells classic, `the invisible man,' the realization of which, here, is `hollow man,' directed by paul verhoeven, and starring kevin bacon and elisabeth shue. sebastian caine (bacon) and his colleagues have for some time been conducting experiments for the u.s. government, exploring the possibility and practicality of invisibility, which they have, at last, achieved in a number of the primates upon which they have tested their method. they have, in fact, progressed to the point that effecting the invisibility is assured; their only problem now is bringing the subject back to the original `visual' state of being. it's a problem, however, that caine, after diligent effort and too many hours in the lab, has solved-- or so he thinks. and when the application of his theory on a live subject is successful, he decides to present the results to the board of directors, in an effort to thereby maintain the funding necessary for the continuation of the project. at the last minute, though, caine demurs, fearing that control of the project will be wrested from him before they can proceed to the next level-- the testing of a human subject. and he takes it upon himself to become that subject, securing the assistance of his research team by telling them that they've been given approval by the board to do so. but something goes wrong, and caine becomes trapped in his cloak of invisibility; and as he and his team struggle to find the solution to his considerable dilemma before it's too late, it all begins to take a toll on caine's mind. and suddenly, his fear of losing funding and control becomes inconsequential, as he finds himself facing the imminent danger of losing much more than that. now there's a very real chance that he may lose everything-- including himself. verhoeven has crafted what is initially an exciting, even thought provoking film; he establishes a good pace and uses the f/x at his disposal to great effect, though he does tend to allow the striking visuals to overwhelm the character development. anyone familiar with `the invisible man,' or actually anyone who can logically follow the progression of the story, will know early on that caine is not destined for happier times. still, verhoeven has a style of storytelling that is definitely going to capture the attention and engage his audience. but he seems bent on rushing toward the climax, and along the way he abandons any and all of the nuance that has made his film thus far successful, opting to enter into a final sequence that is nothing more than a mindless blood-and-gore fest that betrays his audience and everything he's worked for earlier in the film. rather than seeking an intelligent resolution to caine's suffering, and using some inventiveness and imagination to take the film to it's inevitable conclusion, verhoeven takes the low road, and though it may succeed on a purely visceral level, any meaning one could derive from the story dissolves like so many ashes in the wind, along with anything that would have made this a memorable film. and it's a shame, because verhoeven has it at a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre, and he allows it to sink unnecessarily to one much lower. kevin bacon does a good job of creating a character that is believable, if only on the surface, which seemingly serves verhoeven's purposes perfectly. there's little depth to bacon's portrayal, but it has more to do with his director's agenda than his own acting abilities. verhoeven simply does not allow bacon the time to develop caine to any extent; the character is mainly a vessel around which verhoeven can build his story, and toward that end, it works. the film would have been better served, however, had verhoeven and bacon collaborated more closely on at least developing a bond between caine and the audience that would have prompted some emotional involvement on the viewers part, something that would have drawn them in a bit, rather than leaving them at the gate, as it were, as mere observers of an f/x laden extravaganza. elisabeth shue comports herself well in the role of linda mckay, caine's willing accomplice in the ill-fated experiment, but it's basically a thankless part that offers little challenge, especially to an actor of shue's caliber. the same can be said of kim dickens (so magnificent in the 2001 film, `things behind the sun'). her character, sarah kennedy, does little more than support the action and f/x. both actors are capable of so much more, and deserve better than what they are given to work with here. the supporting cast includes josh brolin (matthew), greg grunberg (carter), joey slotnick (frank), mary randle (janice) and william devane (dr. kramer). entertaining to a point, and even successful on a certain (low) level, `hollow man' is one of those films that leaves you contemplating what could have been. like an annual fireworks display, it will give you some momentary thrills, but after awhile it'll begin to blend in with all the others you've seen, without anything special to set it apart. and it's too bad, because given the talent and abilities of those involved here, it could have been so much more. i rate this one 4/10.
i don't normally feel much of an incentive to comment on films i don't like, but in a case like this one, i just have to say something. this movie is terrible, illogical, and stupid. there are so many flaws in the storytelling that i don't even feel obliged to elaborate on because it's time for me to move on from this experience. the most annoying point is, however, that at no point in the film does anyone explain whether the motivations for bacon's character's madness are due to a power trip or a physiological reaction to his condition. granted the special effects are impressive, and in the past paul verhoeven has done some good stuff (the director's cut of robocop on dvd is great). however, this movie is stupid and generally doesn't come near to explaining the point or technical aspect of the subject matter, and instead settles for predictable action without any enjoyment. in short, as many other reviews here say (wish i had read them before...) - stay away from this film!
unfortunately, one of the best efforts yet made in the area of special effects has been made completely pointless by being placed alongside a lumbering, silly and equally pointless plot and an inadequate, clichéd screenplay. hollow man is a rather useless film. practically everything seen here has been done to death - the characters, the idea and the action sequences (especially the lift shaft!) - with the only genuinely intriguing element of the film being the impressive special effects. however, it is just the same special effect done over and over again, and by the end of the film that has been done to death also. i was hoping before watching hollow man that the invisible man theme, which is hardly original in itself, would be the basis of something newer and more interesting. this is not so. it isn't long before the film turns into an overly-familiar blood bath and mass of ineffectual histrionics - the mound of clichés piles up so fast that it's almost impressive. on top of all this, kevin bacon does a pretty useless job and his supporting cast are hardly trying their best. good points might be a passable jerry goldsmith score (but no competition for his better efforts), a quite interesting use of thermal imagery and the special effects. i was tempted to give this film three out of ten, but the effects push hollow man's merit up one notch. 4/10
paul verhoeven finally bombed out on this one. he became a joke on himself. once again we have a film which includes sex and violence, immorality, leering at women and lots of attitiude talk between the characters and dollying pans. its all for nothing. because their is no action at all in this film. it fudges all its set pieces. all the actors give the kind of performances form a verhoeven film. in other words rampant over acting on almost every level. starship troopers got away with it because it was such a macho world the characters inhabited. in this scientists are acting the same way. sorry paul but soldiers and scientist are not really made of the same mindset. one major flaw in the plot was that after escaping for that one night to do evil things kevin bacons character then returns back to the science lab where we have already spent more then enough time watching these animated manniquens (elizabeth shue excepted) walk and talk. why not show the extent of what the character could do in the outside world. how could they possibly track him if he could be anywhere at all??? think os all the different things that could have been done with this concept, both in terms of story and characterisation. then look at what this film does and you really how badly done and concieved the whole project really was. more insulting is the doco on the dvd where everyone is claiming that verhoeven is some kind of mad genius. well one out of two isnt that bad. this film has nothing of note in it. just like the title says. hollow!!!
other than some neat special effects, this movie has nothing to offer. they threw in some gore and some nudity to try and make it interesting, but with no success. kevin bacon's acting was pretty good, but he couldn't salvage the movies lack of plot.
i love special effects and witnessing new technologies that make science fiction seem real. the special effects of this movie are very good. i have seen most of this movie, since it's been airing on hbo for the past couple of months. i must admit, i may have missed a few scenes, but i'm usually drawn into movies, and have seen some scenes more than once. but every time i see some of "hollow man," i feel depressed, almost like a "film noir." i'm not sure why; perhaps it's that i don't want kevin bacon to be evil, and there's disappointment in that. but i think it's witnessing just how relentlessly evil he becomes. regardless, i can recommend this movie for excitement (although some parts move slowly), but i do not recommend for youngsters under the age of 14 (perhaps 12, if they are mature).
the buzz for this film has always been about the fabulous graphics that make kevin bacon disappear. sadly, they stopped there. they should have continued to make the script disappear, then the silly set, and finally every visible element of this film. because, there's nothing else there to show. gary thompson and andrew marlowe are listed as the writing credits for this film. i don't really think they exist. i think they bought this script at "scripts-r-us", where you buy a standard blank "monster movie" script and just fill in the blanks. there's a monster stalking us. let's split up. (they actually "let's split up" in this movie). hit alien/giant-bug/monster/invisible-man with crowbar. not dead yet. burn huge-rabbit/shark/invisible-man in unsurvivable fire. not dead yet. you know, the standard stuff. even the minimum number of elements that were specific to an invisible man movie (ir glasses, spraying with something like paint) were handled badly. what is sad is that there were lots of possibilities for this to be a fascinating movie. they psychological issues for the subject, the deterioration of the mind due to the process, treating an invisible subject, and many other ideas were touched on for usually less than 2 seconds and would have been far more interesting. had there been any desire to save kevin bacon in the end, it would have been a much better movie. all in all, it stunk. i would mention some of the incredibly stupid elements of the ending of the movie, but i don't want to do any spoilers. suffice it to say that these characters are so stupid they don't think about pulling the plug on a machine rather than...
this movie is worth watching if you enjoy marvelling over special effects. there are some interesting visuals. aside from that, it's typical nineties/aughties hollywood fare of dazzle without substance. true to the title. it's not worth picking apart the story. that's like performing brain surgery on a dinosaur. there's not much there to begin with. it's nothing original and not very special. so don't go in for the story at all. just look at the effects. as has been mentioned, it got a little flashy at the end, diluting the purity of great fx treatment of an invisible (and at times half invisible) man. however if you ignore the "standard" pyrotechnics, it's a sight to behold (or not to behold). all in all, it's a decent fx film worth seeing for that purpose and that alone.
shortly after seeing this film i questioned the mental competence of every actor and actress that accepted a role. elizabeth shue is a commendable actress, why would she embrace such an overrated opportunity? i must give credit where credit is due, though. some moments in the movie were unpredictable and rather transfixing, but they hardly made up for the scathing perverse tendencies of kevin bacon's character, sebastian caine. i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, man or woman, that has any form of self-respect to account for.
another violent, angry fantasy from paul verhoeven. verhoeven is a puzzle: it's difficult to tell whether he takes his sordid impulses seriously, with sardonic intent or operates in complete oblivion. he also seems completely ignorant of the fact that all the brilliant visuals in the world (and this has some outstanding ones) cannot hide a negligence to story, dialogue and performance. kevin bacon plays a corrupt scientist who has discovered invisibility and uses it to drive himself into moral bankruptcy. bacon is normally a likable actor who occasionally shows his dark side (`the river wild') in an attempt to offset his boyish looks; given the material, however, bacon isn't nearly hateful enough to compel. the other principals are elisabeth shue and josh brolin, neither of whom are gifted enough to make a solid impression and who, when forced to deliver inane dialogue, embarrass themselves. the climax is a study in preponderance and disbelief has to be truly suspended.
to describe this film as garbage is unfair. at least rooting through garbage can be an absorbing hobby. this flick was neither absorbing nor entertaining. kevin bacon can act superbly given the chance, so no doubt had an irs bill to settle when he agreed to this dire screenplay. the mad scientist story of 'hollow man' has been told before, been told better, and been told without resorting to so many ludicrously expensive special effects. most of those special effects seem to be built around the transparent anatomical dolls of men, women and dogs you could buy in the early seventies. in the uk they were marketed as 'the transparent man (/woman/dog)' which is maybe where they got the title for this film. clever special effects, dire script, non-existent plot.
that's what i found myself saying time after time in the remarkably inept 3rd act of this sorry excuse for a film. first off, the computer effects are absolutely mind-blowing! those computer wizs' really deserve a pat on the back. the rest of the movie, though... none of the characters act in a realistic manner, especially in the aforementioned, despicable 3rd act (i promise i won't give it away, but trust me, it's not worth keeping a secret!). a lot of laughs in the film come unintentionally, like when they try to explain that an invisible man's eyelids don't work. please, give the viewers more credit than that!!! some of the sexual aspects of the film were interesting. what would you do, after all, if you were invisible? no one could catch you! these issues were dealt much more intelligently in the classic the invisible man from 1933. there is one scene of violence in particular that is so incredibly ambiguous, and is not mentioned once later on. if more attention had been paid it, kevin bacon's mad scientist might have made a little more sense. the movie would actually be much more successful as a porno, since the premise could actually be carried out in a unique and interesting manner. but this piece of work... go see something else. or don't, and live with the consequences! 3/10
i rarely make these comments but i felt compelled to spare others the pain i endured in watching this movie. it's so stupid and implausible both in the overall story and in the details that you simply can't suspend disbelief. the problem starts early, when you see a government researcher tooling around in a new porsche and dining with his team in a restaraunt that looks like a castle, overlooking the capitol building in washington, d.c. that kind of life on a government salary? hah! it only gets worse. toward the end, when the bad guy starts killing off the good guys, the latter group act so stupidly that you want them to die, in order to cleanse the gene pool. the special effects are pretty good - any producer's money can buy that - and the lead actors have been great in other films, but the screenplay and direction here are moronic. many people have wondered whether there was some deliberate intelligence behind paul verhoeven's previous, facially stupid movies (showgirls, starship troopers), but this movie should stop the wondering. he's just plain bad.
this picture started out with good intentions, bacon the scientist out to test the theory of invisibility, and shue is cute as usual in her role. it all falls apart after that, it's your typical hollywood thriller now, filmed on a soundstage with special effects galore, minus any kind of humour, wit or soul. in other words, don't waste your time watching this. get the audiocassette tape with john delancie as the invisible man instead, also starring leonard nimoy. now that was good, and hg wells is well served, unlike with this mess.
c'mon guys some previous reviewers have nearly written a novel commenting on this episode. it's just an old 60's tv show ! this episode of star trek is notable because of the most serious babe (yeoman barrow's) ever used on star trek and the fact that it was filmed in a real outdoor location. unlike the tng and voyager series which were totally confined to sound stages. this use of an outdoor location (and babe) gives proper depth and an almost film like quality to a quite ordinary episode of this now dated and very familiar show. except a few notable exceptions i.e "the city on the edge of forever" , "assignment earth" and "tomorrow is yesterday" the old series of star trek needs to be seriously moth-balled and put out of it's boring misery. half a dozen good episodes from 79 is quite a poor batting average. this is typical of the boring stuff gene roddenberry produced back then actually, contrary to popular belief where some people worshiped the ground he walked on, he actually made a lot of rubbish! he doesn't deserve to be spoken of in the same breath as irwin allen for example. just look at the set of the bridge of the enterprise from a modern point of view. they used wobbly plywood for the floor, cafeteria chairs with plastic backs and cheap cardboard above the instrument panels. you can clearly see the folds in the paper ! every expense spared or what !
okay, now what the hell is this supposed to be? is it a family fantasy movie to cash in further on the huge success of spielberg's "close encounters of the third kind"? or a throwback to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as "when dinosaurs ruled the earth" and "the lost world"? perhaps it's an intellectual & philosophical masterpiece we all fail to comprehend? yes, that must be it! whatever it is, the creators of "the day time ended" (good old john 'bud' cardos of "kingdom of the spiders" and writer david schmoeller of "tourist trap") must have been sniffing quite a lot glue when they penned down the ideas for this demented hodgepodge of genres. the story doesn't make the slightest bit of sense and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell but, hey, who cares as long as it's got papier-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spacecrafts, headache-inducing light & laser shows and spontaneously combusting supernovas! the voice-over introduction is practically inaudible, but no worries as it's all gibberish! did you know that the definition of 'time' isn't what we all think it is? time doesn't necessarily pass by chronologically, it is one giant paradox! words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around now and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. i have absolutely no idea what all this means, but apparently it provides an easy excuse to gather tap-dancing midget aliens and well-mannered dinosaurs on screen together. i deliberately say well-mannered dinosaurs, because at a certain point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door before menacing his targets. the crazy plot revolves on a family of weirdos living in their solar-powered house in the middle of nowhere. grandpa is extremely annoying, the granddaughter even more, granny is a walking & talking advertisement billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son strangely resembles prince valiant and the young mother is incredibly hot! chris mitchum for some reason also pointless wanders around the filming sets as the hot mommy's husband on business travel. the special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely laughable (i sincerely hope that the other reviewer who talked about "excellent special effects" was being sarcastic), but the absolute most genius aspect here are the dialogs! just read this wondrous example of extraordinary writing: grandpa: "you know what this is, don't you? this is a time-space warp! stevie: "i'm not quite sure if i know what that means, dad" grandpa: "well, i guess nobody really does" make up your mind, gramps! do you know what it is or don't you? and stop talking about "the vortex" like you're some kind of expert in the field! "the day time ended" is an incredibly childish and not-worth-bothering-for fantasy movie, though i can totally understand that some of its fans cherish the film because they saw it at young age and became fascinated with the flamboyant effects. the ending completely comes out of nowhere, like they suddenly ran out of money or like the effects of the mushrooms they were eating wore out unexpectedly.
i saw this when it was in the theater, it started out so strong i mean back in 1980 this was a bold movie and the special effects were excellent at the time. now you would have to of been at least 30 or so in 1980 to really understand this point because studying film historically misses the mind set at the time the expectations, and other related psychological factors. now as i said the movie was engaging suspenseful and very entertaining. it builds to an excellent climax then.... it ends i mean the person that described it as having a water balloon break in your hand before throwing it, besides being a very poetic description. in my experience, it was just not strong enough. my wife and i were well... how can i say this? we were upset, i mean we paid money, invested the time to watch the movie which was excellent. "we both felt we were robbed with an ending that convinced us both the production company must of run out of money and could not raise enough to finish it correctly. in fact my wife said it best, it did not end, it just stopped!
